瘪陷	deflated
憋	to choke	to stifle	to restrain	to hold back	to hold in (urine)	to hold (one's breath)
别无他物	nothing else
别有天地	enchanting scenery	beautiful surroundings	world of its own
别出心裁	to hit on sth new (idiom); to display originality	to adopt an original approach
鳖	freshwater soft-shelled turtle
别树一旗	lit. to fly one's banner on a solitary tree (idiom); fig. to act as a loner	to stand out	to develop one's own school	to have attitude of one's own
别树一帜	lit. to fly one's banner on a solitary tree (idiom); fig. to act as a loner	to stand out	to develop one's own school	to have attitude of one's own
瘪三	a wretched-looking tramp who lives by begging or stealing
别传	supplementary biography
别有韵味	to have quite a lasting charm
别有用心	to have an ulterior motive (idiom); a hidden agenda
别赫捷列夫	Vladimir Mikhailovich Bekhterev (1857-1927), Russian neurologist and psychiatrist
别嘴	mouthful (awkward speech)	tongue-twister
别	to make sb change their ways, opinions etc
蹩	limp
别	to leave	to depart	to separate	to distinguish	to classify	other	another	do not	must not	to pin	to stick (sth) in
别理	don't get involved	ignore it!	don't have anything to do with (him, her etc)	don't speak to
别无选择	to have no other choice
别太客气	lit. no excessive politeness	Don't mention it!	You're welcome!	Please don't stand on ceremony.
别无他法	there is no alternative
憋闷	to feel oppressed	to be depressed	to feel dejected
别开生面	to start sth new or original (idiom); to break a new path	to break fresh ground
别人	other people	others	other person
别致	unusual	unique
别着急	Don't worry!
瘪螺痧	cholera (with dehydration)
别动队	special detachment	commando	an armed secret agent squad
别有洞天	place of charm and beauty	scenery of exceptional charm	completely different world
别无他用	to have no other use or purpose (idiom)
别字	mispronounced or wrongly written character
别名	alias	alternative name
别墅	villa	CL:幢[zhuang4],座[zuo4]
别具	see 獨具|独具[du2 ju4]
别处	elsewhere
别具只眼	see 獨具隻眼|独具只眼[du2 ju4 zhi1 yan3]
别无	to have no other... (used in fixed expressions)
别论	a different matter	another story	(old) objection
别克	Buick
鳖甲	turtle shell
瘪	deflated	shriveled	sunken	empty
别管	no matter (who, what etc)
别提了	say no more	don't bring it up	drop the subject
别有	to have other...	to have a special ...
别扭	awkward	difficult	uncomfortable	not agreeing	at loggerheads	gauche	awkward (writing or speech)
别针	pin	safety pin	clip	brooch	CL:枚[mei2]
别脸	to turn one's face away
别号	alias
别的	else	other
别庄	villa
别客气	don't mention it	no formalities, please
咇	fragrant
憋气	to feel suffocated or oppressed	to choke with resentment	to feel injured or resentful
别称	another name	alternative name
别离	to take leave of	to leave	separation
鳖裙	calipash
别筵	farewell banquet
别绪	emotions at time of parting
别来无恙	(literary) I trust you have been well since we last met
别具一格	having a unique or distinctive style
蹩脚	inferior	shoddy	lousy	lame
