拆字	fortune telling by unpicking Chinese characters
拆穿	to expose	to unmask	to see through (a lie etc)
柴	surname Chai
瘥	to recover from disease
拆线	to remove stitches (from a wound)
柴达木	Tsaidam or Qaidam basin (Mongolian: salt marsh), depression northeast of the Plateau of Tibet, located between the Qilian Shan and the Kunlun Shan at the northern margin of the Tibetan Plateau.
拆除	to tear down	to demolish	to dismantle	to remove
柴胡	Chinese thorowax (Bupleurum chinense)	root of Chinese thorowax (used in TCM)
柴门	lit. woodcutter's family	humble background	poor family background
拆迁	to demolish a building and relocate the inhabitants
柴油机	diesel engine
拆解	to disassemble
拆账	to work in an enterprise for a share of the profits
柴	firewood	lean (of meat)	thin (of a person)
柴科夫斯基	Piotr Ilyich Tchaikowsky (1840-1893), Russian composer, composer of 6 symphonies and the opera Eugene Onegin
钗	hairpin
拆放款	funds on call	invested sum that can be cashed
柴草	firewood
拆东墙补西墙	lit. pull down the east wall to repair the west wall (idiom); fig. temporary expedient	Rob Peter to pay Paul
豺狼虎豹	jackals, wolves, tigers and panthers (idiom)	animals who are dangerous to man and cattle	fierce and cruel people
柴火	firewood
拆开	to dismantle	to disassemble	to open up (sth sealed)	to unpick
拆用	to tear down and reuse	to cannibalize
柴电机车	diesel-electric locomotive
柴可夫斯基	Tchaikovsky (1840-1893), Russian composer
虿	(scorpion)	an insect
豺狼当涂	ravenous wolves hold the road (idiom); wicked people in power	a vicious tyranny rules the land
柴油	diesel fuel
茝	aromatic plant, possibly Dahurian angelica 白芷[bai2 zhi3] (archaic)
侪	a class	a company	companion
柴薪	firewood
豺狼当道	ravenous wolves hold the road (idiom); wicked people in power	a vicious tyranny rules the land
拆台	to undermine	destructive spoiling
柴禾妞	skinny and unsophisticated girl
囆	(used in an ancient given name)
拆下	to dismantle	to take apart
拆借	short term loan
柴车	simple and crude cart (or chariot)
拆毁	to dismantle	to demolish
柴门小户	woodcutter's cottage (idiom); poor person's hovel	fig. my humble house
柴米油盐	lit. firewood, rice, oil and salt	fig. life's daily necessities
豺狼座	Lupus (constellation)
拆卸	to unload	to dismantle
柴鱼片	katsuobushi or dried bonito flakes (paper-thin shavings of preserved skipjack tuna)
豺狼当路	ravenous wolves hold the road (idiom); wicked people in power	a vicious tyranny rules the land
柴达木盆地	Tsaidam or Qaidam basin (Mongolian: salt marsh), depression northeast of the Plateau of Tibet, located between the Qilian Shan and the Kunlun Shan at the northern margin of the Tibetan Plateau.
瘥	disease
豺	dog-like animal	ravenous beast	dhole (Cuon Alpinus)	jackal
拆息	daily interest on a loan
拆东补西	lit. pull down the east wall to repair the west (idiom); fig. temporary expedient	Rob Peter to pay Paul
豺狼	jackal and wolf	ravenous wolf	fig. evil person	vicious tyrant
柴米油盐酱醋茶	lit. firewood, rice, oil, salt, soy, vinegar, and tea	fig. life's daily necessities
拆洗	to unpick and wash (e.g. padded garment)
拆散	to break up (a marriage, family etc)
拆分	separate	broken up into separate items
柴鸡	a variety of free-range chicken, small with furless legs, laying smaller eggs
拆机	to dismantle a machine	to terminate a telephone service
柴油发动机	diesel engine
拆	to tear open	to tear down	to tear apart	to open
豺狼塞路	ravenous wolves block the road (idiom); wicked people in power	a vicious tyranny rules the land
