车	surname Che
撤出	to withdraw	to leave	to retreat	to pull out
车行	car-related business	car dealership	taxi company	(commercial) garage
撤除	to remove	to dismantle
车轮饼	imagawayaki (sweet snack made of batter cooked in the shape of a car wheel, stuffed with azuki bean paste or other fillings)
撤诉	to drop a lawsuit
车牌	license plate
车位	parking spot	unloading point	garage place	stand for taxi
撤军	to withdraw troops	to retreat
车程	travel time	expected time for a car journey
车籍	a vehicle's registration information (Tw)
彻底	thorough	thoroughly	complete
车轴	axle	CL:根[gen1]
扯嗓子	to raise one's voice	to speak at the top of one's voice
车厢	carriage	CL:節|节[jie2]
车展	motor show
车份	vehicle rental fee paid by cab and rickshaw drivers
扯鸡巴蛋	to talk shit	to drivel	bullshit
车带	(vehicle) tire
车斗	open-topped container (mounted on a truck or cart) for carrying loads	dump box (of a dump truck)	bucket (of a front loader)	wheelbarrow
车载斗量	lit. measured in cartloads and gallons	fig. by the barrowload (i.e. lots and lots)	innumerable
车架	cart	barrow	frame	chassis
车马	vehicles and horses
车份儿	erhua variant of 車份|车份[che1 fen4]
掣肘	(lit.) to hold sb by the elbow	(fig.) to hold back	to impede	to handicap
车里雅宾斯克	Chelyabinsk town on the eastern flanks of Ural, on trans-Siberian railway
车	car	vehicle	CL:輛|辆[liang4]	machine	to shape with a lathe
车钱	fare	transport costs
车道	traffic lane	driveway
车皮	wagon	freight car
车辕	shaft (pulling a cart)
扯后腿	to be a drag or hindrance on sb
车条	spoke (of wheel)
扯皮	to wrangle	wrangling
车轮子	wheel
车模	car show girl	model who poses next to cars
彻夜不眠	to be sleepless all night
车门	car door	door of bus, railway carriage etc
撤换	recall	dismiss and replace
车行道	roadway	carriageway
车轮	wheel
车后箱	car boot, trunk
车贴	car allowance
彻	thorough	penetrating	to pervade	to pass through
车	war chariot (archaic)	rook (in Chinese chess)	rook (in chess)
扯家常	to engage in small talk	to chit chat
扯远	to digress	to get sidetracked	to go off on a tangent
车前草	plantain herb (Plantago asiatica)
车城	Checheng township in Pingtung County 屏東縣|屏东县[Ping2 dong1 Xian4], Taiwan
扯住	to grasp firmly
车子	small vehicle (car, bicycle, cart etc)
车夫	cart driver	coachman
彻西	Chelsea, suburb of London	Chelsea football club
撤兵	withdraw troops	retreat
车裂	to tear off a person's four limbs and head using five horse drawn carts (as capital punishment)	to tear limb from limb
车祸	traffic accident	car crash	CL:場|场[chang2]
车流	traffic	rate of traffic flow
车震	lit. car shaking	car sex
车床	lathe
车辆	vehicle
车龙	long queue of slow-moving traffic	tram
车厘子	(American) cherry (loanword)
车速	vehicle speed
车到山前必有路	lit. When we get to the mountain, there'll be a way through. (idiom)	fig. Everything will turn out for the best.	Let's worry about it when it happens.	It will be all right on the night.	cf couplet 車到山前必有路,船到橋頭自然直|车到山前必有路,船到桥头自然直
彻查	to investigate thoroughly
屮	plants sprouting
撤销	to repeal	to revoke	(computing) to undo
扯皮条	see 拉皮條|拉皮条[la1 pi2 tiao2]
车把	handlebar (bicycle etc)	shaft (rickshaw etc)
车票	ticket (for a bus or train)
车行	traffic	to drive (i.e. travel in a vehicle)
车库	garage
车辙	rut (of a wagon)	track
砗	Tridacna gigas
撤退	to retreat
车胎	tire
车臣	Chechnya, a Russian region in the Caucasus	Chechen
扯谈	to talk nonsense (dialect)
撤营	to withdraw troops
澈	clear (water)	thorough
车到山前必有路，船到桥头自然直	lit. When we get to the mountain, there'll be a way through and when the boat gets to the pier-head, it will go straight with the current. (idiom)	fig. Everything will turn out for the best.	Let's worry about it when it happens.	It will be all right on the night.
车驾	carriage
车主	vehicle owner
扯裂	rip
扯犊子	(dialect) to talk nonsense	to chat idly
掣电	to flash	a flash (literary)
车厂	(bus, train etc) depot	car factory or repair shop
扯破	tear apart
撤离	to withdraw from	to evacuate
车窗	car window	window of vehicle (bus, train etc)
撤	to remove	to take away	to withdraw
车行通道	traffic passage
车照	vehicle license
彻骨	to the bone	to the marrow	fig. to a very large degree
砗磲	giant clam (Tridacna derasa)
彻悟	fully aware	to recognize fully
车工	lathe work	lathe operator
彻夜	the whole night
车房	garage	carport	(old) rickshaw room
车水马龙	endless stream of horse and carriages (idiom)	heavy traffic
撤走	to retire	to remove	to withdraw	to evacuate
车身	body of automobile
扯谎	to tell a lie
撤职	to eliminate	to sack	to remove from office
车奴	car slave, sb forced to sacrifice quality of life to buy or maintain a car
车把式	expert cart-driver	charioteer
车费	passenger fare
车队	motorcade	fleet	CL:列[lie4]
撤掉	to cut	to throw out	to depose (from office)	to tear off
扯	to pull	to tear	(of cloth, thread etc) to buy	to chat	to gossip	(coll.) (Tw) ridiculous	hokey
车间	workshop	CL:個|个[ge4]
车轴草	honewort	Cryptotaenia japonica
撤下	to withdraw	to remove (from a place)	to remove from office
撤回	to recall	to revoke	to retract
车铃	bicycle bell
彻底失败	utter failure
撤并	to consolidate	to merge
车站	rail station	bus stop	CL:處|处[chu4],個|个[ge4]
扯铃	diabolo	Chinese yo-yo
彻头彻尾	lit. from head to tail (idiom); thoroughgoing	through and through	out and out	from top to bottom
车到山前自有路	lit. When we get to the mountain, there'll be a way through. (idiom)	fig. Everything will turn out for the best.	Let's worry about it when it happens.	It will be all right on the night.	cf couplet 車到山前必有路,船到橋頭自然直|车到山前必有路,船到桥头自然直
车顶	car roof
扯淡	to talk nonsense
车尔尼雪夫斯基	Nikolai Chernyshevsky
车城乡	Checheng township in Pingtung County 屏東縣|屏东县[Ping2 dong1 Xian4], Taiwan
掣	to pull	to draw	to pull back	to withdraw	to flash past
车头相	photo attached to the front of a hearse in a funeral procession
撤款	to withdraw money
扯平	to make even	to balance	(fig.) to be even	to call it quits
撤侨	to evacuate (e.g. foreign civilians from a war zone)
