吹散	to disperse
垂体	pituitary gland
垂直搜索	vertical search	semantic search	top-down search
吹台	(coll.) to fall through	to result in failure	(of a relationship) to break up
炊事	cooking
吹哨	to blow a whistle	to whistle
吹冷风	to blow cold	damping expectations by discouraging or realistic words
吹嘘	to brag
垂钓	angling
吹箫	to play the xiao 簫|箫[xiao1] (mouth organ)	to beg while playing pipes; cf politician Wu Zixu 伍子胥[Wu3 Zi3 xu1], c. 520 BC destitute refugee in Wu town, 吳市吹簫|吴市吹箫[Wu2 shi4 chui1 xiao1]	to busk	virtuoso piper wins a beauty, cf 玉人吹簫|玉人吹箫[yu4 ren2 chui1 xiao1]	(slang) fellatio	blowjob
甀	vase with a small mouth
锤骨柄	manubrium of malleus (handle of hammer bone), connecting ossicles 聽小骨|听小骨 to tympanum 鼓膜
吹孔	(of a musical instrument) blow hole
垂涎三尺	to drool (over) (idiom)	to yearn for	to covet	to crave
龡	to blow (a flute)	archaic version of 吹
吹牛	to talk big	to shoot off one's mouth	to chat (dialect)
垂	to hang (down)	droop	dangle	bend down	hand down	bequeath	nearly	almost	to approach
垂死	dying
垂涎	to water at the mouth	to drool
垂直	perpendicular	vertical
垂直起落飞机	vertical take-off and landing aircraft
吹胀	to blow up	to inflate
炊事员	cook	kitchen worker
垂下	to hang down
捶子	hammer	CL:把[ba3]
垂暮之年	old age
槌	mallet	pestle	beetle (for wedging or ramming)
吹拂	to brush	to caress (of breeze)	to praise
垂泣	to shed tears
吹鼓手	(old) musicians at a wedding cortege or funeral procession	(fig.) trumpeter of sb's praises	booster
吹熄	to blow out (a flame)
垂头丧气	hanging one's head dispiritedly (idiom); dejected	crestfallen
吹毛求疵	lit. to blow apart the hairs upon a fur to discover any defect (idiom); fig. to be fastidious	nitpick
吹擂	to talk big	to boast
垂悬分词	hanging participle (error of grammar in English)
吹牛拍马	to resort to bragging and flattering
吹袭	storm struck	to attack (of wind)
吹竽手	player of the yu 竽 (free reed mouth organ)
捶胸	to beat one's chest
锤子	hammer	CL:把[ba3]
炊爨	to light a fire and cook a meal
吹拍	to resort to bragging and flattering	abbr. for 吹牛拍馬|吹牛拍马[chui1 niu2 pai1 ma3]
吹牛皮	to boast	to talk big
垂泪	to shed tears
垂直线	vertical line
锤头鲨	a hammerhead shark
垂涎欲滴	to drool with desire (idiom); to envy	to hunger for
槌球	croquet
捶背	to massage sb's back by pounding it lightly with one's fists
垂垂	gradually	to drop
垂杨柳	weeping willow
腄	callus on the hand or foot	upper leg bone of horse or bird	buttocks
炊帚	pot-scrubbing brush, made from bamboo strips
吹捧	to flatter	to laud sb's accomplishments	adulation
吹喇叭	(lit.) blowing the trumpet	(fig.) to praise sb	(slang) to give a blowjob
垂死挣扎	deathbed struggle	final struggle (idiom)
垂危	close to death	life-threatening (illness)
捶	to beat with the fist	to hammer	to cudgel
吹干	to blow-dry
吹奏	to play (wind instruments)
垂直和短距起落飞机	vertical or short take-off and landing aircraft
炊器	cooking vessels (archaeology)
捶胸顿足	to beat one's chest and stamp one's feet (idiom)
垂挂	to hang down	suspended
吹口哨	whistle
圌	name of a mountain
垂帘听政	lit. to govern from behind the curtain	to rule in place of the emperor (idiom)
陲	frontier
锤	hammer	to hammer into shape	weight (e.g. of a steelyard or balance)
锤骨	malleus or hammer bone of middle ear
炊	to cook food
垂直轴	vertical shaft	(math.) vertical axis
吹灰	to blow away dust
棰	to flog	whip
吹了	failed	busted	to have not succeeded	to have died	to have parted company	to have chilled (of a relationship)
吹箫乞食	to beg while playing the xiao 箫 (mouth organ)	cf Wu Zixu 伍子胥, destitute refugee from Chu 楚, busked in Wu town c. 520 BC, then became a powerful politician
炊烟	smoke from kitchen chimneys
吹叶机	leaf blower (machine)
垂柳	weeping willow (Salix babylonica)
吹气	to blow air (into)
吹糠见米	instant results	lit. blow the husk and see the rice
吹灯拔蜡	lit. to blow out the lamp and put out the candle (idiom)	fig. to die	to bite the dust	to be over and done with
吹笛者	piper
捶打	to beat	to pound	to thump
吹号	to blow a brass instrument
吹吹拍拍	to boast and flatter
垂髫	falling hair of a child	(fig.) child
吹管	blowpipe
垂青	to show appreciation for sb	to look upon sb with favor
捶击	to beat	to thump
垂老	approaching old age
垂感	drape effect (fashion)
炊具	cooking utensils	cookware	cooker
吹管乐	woodwind music
垂幕	canopy
吹灰之力	as easy as pie
吹风机	hair dryer
