带病	to carry a disease	carrier	vector
代拿买特	dynamite (loanword)
带领	to guide	to lead
袋子	bag
戴表	to wear a watch	a homophone for 代表 used to avoid Internet censorship in the PRC
带标识	marker
带电	to electrify	to charge	electrification	live (as in "live wire")
呆	foolish	stupid	expressionless	blank	to stay
待毙	to await death	to be a sitting duck
戴	to put on or wear (glasses, hat, gloves etc)	to respect	to bear	to support
戴高乐	Charles De Gaulle (1890-1970), French general and politician, leader of the Free French during World War II and President of the Republic 1959-1969
袋熊	wombat (native Australian mammal)
代号	code name
忕	accustomed to	habit
待人	to treat people (politely, harshly etc)
代数学	algebra (as branch of math.)
代罪	to redeem oneself	to make up for one's misdeeds
呆瓜	idiot	fool
代行	to act as a substitute	to act on sb's behalf
呆帐	bad debt
待机	to wait for an opportunity	to seize a chance	pragmatic
代谢	replacement	substitution	metabolism (biol.)
带红色	reddish
戴有色眼镜	to wear colored glasses	to have a prejudiced viewpoint
带薪休假	paid leave
歹势	excuse me	to be sorry	(Taiwanese, POJ pr. [phái-sè])
待定	to await a decision	to be pending
代词	pronoun
代码段	code segment
带走	to carry	to take away	to carry out (esp. food)	take-out (esp. food)
玳瑁眼镜	hawksbill shell-rimmed eyeglasses	CL:副[fu4]
代表团	delegation	CL:個|个[ge4]
呆住	to be dumbfounded	to be astonished
带子	belt	band	ribbon	strap	girdle	(coll.) audio or video tape
戴安娜	Diana (name)
待业	to await job assignment (term used only in mainland China)
戴维斯杯	Davis cup (international tennis team competition)
玳瑁	hawksbill turtle (Eretmochelys imbricata)	tortoiseshell	Taiwan pr. [dai4 mei4]
代收货款	collect on delivery (COD)
待	to stay
贷款率	interest rate	loan rate
代价	price	cost	consideration (in share dealing)
带菌者	asymptomatic carrier
代办	to act for sb else	to act on sb's behalf	an agent	a diplomatic representative	a chargé d'affaires
带头	to take the lead	to be the first	to set an example
戴菊	(Chinese bird species) goldcrest (Regulus regulus)
带调	to have a tone mark
歹意	evil intent	malice
岱岳区	Daiyue district of Tai'an city 泰安市[Tai4 an1 shi4], Shandong
代祷	to pray on behalf of sb
甙	glucoside
带霉	musty	moldy
带扣	buckle
戴胜	(Chinese bird species) Eurasian hoopoe (Upupa epops)
代数曲面	algebraic surface
待要	to be about to
代言	to be a spokesperson	to be an ambassador (for a brand)	to endorse
呆笨	dimwitted
代考	to take a test or exam for sb
代表	representative	delegate	CL:位[wei4],個|个[ge4],名[ming2]	to represent	to stand for	on behalf of	in the name of
帯	Japanese variant of 帶|带
玳瑁壳	tortoise shell
代理	to act on behalf of sb in a responsible position	to act as an agent or proxy	surrogate
戴绿帽子	a cuckold	to be cuckolded by one's wife
贷方	credit side (of a balance sheet)	creditor	lender
傣	Dai (ethnic group)
代码	code
带去	to bring away
戴维斯	Davis or Davies (name)
代销店	outlet	commission shop	agency
待复	to be advised	awaiting an answer
代之以	(has been) replaced with	(its) place has been taken by
代理人	agent
戴奥辛	dioxin, carcinogenic heterocyclic hydrocarbon (esp. Taiwan usage)
歺	second-round simplified character for 餐[can1]
待解	unresolved	awaiting solution
戴秉国	Dai Bingguo (1941-), a Chinese politician and professional diplomat
带赛	(Taiwan slang) to bring bad luck
代称	alternative name	antonomasia
怠工	to slacken off in one's work	to go slow (as a form of strike)
待产	(of an expectant mother) to be in labor
岱山	Daishan county in Zhoushan 舟山[Zhou1 shan1], Zhejiang
带兵	to lead troops
带宽	bandwidth
代填	to fill in a form for sb else
戴名世	Dai Mingshi (1653-1713), early Qing writer
代数数域	algebraic number field (math.)
怠	idle	lazy	negligent	careless
代数函数	(math.) algebraic function
呆会儿	see 待會兒|待会儿[dai1 hui4 r5]
怠惰	idleness
代县	Dai county in Xinzhou 忻州[Xin1 zhou1], Shanxi
戴高帽子	(coll.) to be the object of flattery	to be placed on a pedestal
代替父母	in place of sb's parents	in loco parentis (law)
歹	bad	wicked	evil
代数式	algebraic formula
岱山县	Daishan county in Zhoushan 舟山[Zhou1 shan1], Zhejiang
代替	instead	to replace	to substitute (X for Y, or a number in an algebraic expression)
代顿	Dayton (city in Ohio)
代数函数论	algebraic function theory (math.)
待遇	treatment	pay	salary	status	rank
代数群	algebraic group (math.)
待续	to be continued
代数结构	algebraic structure
代表队	delegation
待办事项列表	to-do list
代数量	algebraic quantity
待人接物	the way one treats people
带路	to lead the way	to guide	to show the way	fig. to instruct
戴菊鸟	kinglet	bird of Regulus genus
呆账	bad debt
待考	under investigation	currently unknown
待	to wait	to treat	to deal with	to need	going to (do sth)	about to	intending to
带累	to get someone involved in one's trouble
带鱼	ribbonfish	hairtail	beltfish	cutlassfish (family Trichiuridae)
代销	to sell as agent	to sell on commission (e.g. insurance policies)	proxy sale (of stocks)
代表人物	representative individual (of a school of thought)
带来	to bring	to bring about	to produce
歹人	bad person	evildoer	robber
代表处	representative office
贷	to lend on interest	to borrow	a loan	leniency	to make excuses	to pardon	to forgive
代名词	pronoun	synonym	byword
袋子包	pita bread (Middle eastern flat bread)
襶	untidy (in dress)
代孕	surrogate pregnancy
戴孝	to wear mourning garb	to be in mourning
岱宗	another name for Mt Tai 泰山 in Shandong as principal or ancestor of the Five Sacred Mountains 五嶽|五岳[Wu3 yue4]	Mt Tai as resting place for departed souls
代码页	code page
代管	to administer	to manage	to hold in trust or escrow
戴尔	Dell
带原者	(disease) carrier
带路人	a guide	fig. instructor
袋	pouch	bag	sack	pocket
代扣	to withhold tax (from employee's salary)
带牛佩犊	to abandon armed struggle and return to raising cattle (idiom)
代数拓扑	algebraic topology (math.)
代劳	to do sth in place of sb else
呆板	stiff	inflexible	also pr. [ai2 ban3]
带气	carbonated (drink)	sparkling (mineral water)	to display annoyance	to be dissatisfied
殆尽	nearly exhausted	practically nothing left
逮	(literary) to arrest	to seize	to overtake	until
玳	tortoise shell	turtle
带分数	mixed fraction	mixed number (i.e. with an integer part and a fraction part, e.g. four and three quarters)	see also: improper fraction 假分數|假分数[jia3 fen1 shu4] and proper fraction 真分數|真分数[zhen1 fen1 shu4]
代沟	generation gap
戴帽子	to wear a hat	(fig.) to stigmatize	to be branded as
代工	subcontract work	OEM (original equipment manufacturer) supplier
带薪	to receive one's regular salary (while on vacation, study leave etc)	paid (leave)	on full pay
代数和	algebraic sum
待命	to be on call	to be on standby
代代	from generation to generation	generation after generation
代客泊车	valet parking
代步	means of transportation	to take transportation	to ride instead of walk
戴上	to put on (hat etc)
代数基本定理	fundamental theorem of algebra
代数几何	algebraic geometry
代数曲线	algebraic curve
代宗	Daizong, Temple name of seventh Ming emperor Jingtai 景泰[Jing3 tai4]
戴维营	Camp David
代书	to write for sb else	a lawyer who writes legal documents for his clients
待乙妥	DEET (insect repellent) (loanword)
带坏	to lead astray
埭	dam
代代相传	passed on from generation to generation (idiom); to hand down
代糖	sugar substitute
呆子	fool	sucker
戴盆望天	lit. viewing the sky with a basin on one's head; it is hard to get a clear view of the sky while carrying a platter on one's head	fig. it is hard to get on in one's career while encumbered by family obligations	one can't perform a major task while bothered by other duties
代入	to substitute into
汏	to wash (dialect)
怠慢	to slight	to neglect
代笔	to write on behalf of sb	to ghostwrite
怠忽	to neglect
袋鼠	kangaroo
岱	Mt Tai in Shandong	same as 泰山
代数	algebra
代数方程	algebraic equation	polynomial equation
带	band	belt	girdle	ribbon	tire	area	zone	region	CL:條|条[tiao2]	to wear	to carry	to take along	to bear (i.e. to have)	to lead	to bring	to look after	to raise
带动	to spur	to provide impetus	to drive
待宵草	evening primrose
带有	to have	to involve
待见	(coll.) to like
代数流行	(math.) manifold
代替者	substitute
带岭	Dailing district of Yichun city 伊春市[Yi1 chun1 shi4], Heilongjiang
呔	tie	necktie	tire (Cantonese)
代表作	representative work (of an author or artist)
待会儿	in a moment	later	Taiwan pr. [dai1 hui3 r5]
戴安娜王妃	Diana, Princess of Wales (1961-1997)
袋狼	thylacine (Thylacinus cynocephalus)
逮	(coll.) to catch	to seize
带刺	thorn	to be barbed	sarcastic
戴	surname Dai
带岭区	Dailing district of Yichun city 伊春市[Yi1 chun1 shi4], Heilongjiang
代人受过	to take the blame for sb else	to be made a scapegoat
代言人	spokesperson
带劲	energetic	exciting	of interest
呆滞	dull	lifeless	sluggish
带儿	erhua variant of 帶|带[dai4]
代罪羔羊	scapegoat
呆扳手	open spanner	open end spanner	flat spanner
贷记	to credit
带种	(coll.) to have character	to have guts	plucky
呆若木鸡	lit. dumb as a wooden chicken (idiom); fig. dumbstruck
代表性	representative	typical
黛	umber-black dye for painting the eyebrow
迨	until	while
黛安娜	Diana (goddess in Roman mythology)
贷款	a loan	CL:筆|笔[bi3]	to provide a loan (e.g. bank)	to raise a loan (from e.g. a bank)
绐	to cheat	to pretend	to deceive
代数几何学	algebraic geometry
艜	a long narrow vessel with two masts
逮捕	to arrest	to apprehend	an arrest
代利斯	Dallys, Algerian seaport and naval base
忕	extravagant	luxurious
代购	to buy (on behalf of sb)
代写	to write as substitute for sb	a ghost writer	plagiarism
贷款人	the lender
戴月披星	see 披星戴月[pi1 xing1 dai4 yue4]
代尔夫特	Delft, Zuid-Holland, the Netherlands
带着希望去旅行，比到达终点更美好	It is better to travel hopefully than to arrive.
岱庙	Dai Temple, a temple in Shandong for the god of Mount Tai
带露	dewy
代偿	(medical) compensation	to repay a debt or obligation in place of someone else
代数簇	algebraic variety (math.)
代课	to teach as substitute for absent teacher
贷学金	student loan
代理商	agent
带状疱疹	shingles	herpes zoster (medicine)
带电粒子	electrically charged particles
戴套	to wear a condom
戴绿头巾	lit. to wear green headband (to visit a Yuan dynasty brothel)	cuckold
代币	token (used instead of money for slot machines, in game arcades etc)
呆根	fool	stupid
歹毒	vicious	ruthless	malevolent
代数学基本定理	fundamental theorem of algebra (every polynomial has a complex root)
殆	dangerous	perilous	to endanger	almost	probably	only
叇	see 靉靆|叆叇[ai4 dai4]
带给	to give to	to provide to	to bring to	to take to
带回	to bring back
歹徒	evildoer	malefactor	gangster	hoodlum
