好物	fine goods
耗资	to spend	expenditure	to cost
諕	to intimidate
毫不逊色	not inferior in any respect
好汉不吃眼前亏	a wise man knows better than to fight when the odds are against him (idiom)
薅	to weed	to grip or clutch
豪富	rich and powerful	rich and influential person	big shot
好汉	hero	strong and courageous person	CL:條|条[tiao2]
好大喜功	to rejoice in grandiose deeds	to strive to achieve extraordinary things
好道	don't tell me ...	could it be that...?
号手	trumpeter	military bugler
毫不介意	to not mind (at all, a bit)	to not care in the slightest
号码牌	number plate	car license plate	CL:條|条[tiao2],塊|块[kuai4],片[pian4]
好记性不如烂笔头	the palest ink is better than the best memory (idiom)
毫针	acupuncture needle
澔	grand	vast (of water)
好久不见	Long time no see
豪雨	violent rain (e.g. due to monsoon or typhoon)	cloudburst
豪猪	porcupine
壕	moat	(military) trench
好朋友	good friend	(slang) a visit from Aunt Flo (menstrual period)
好玩儿	interesting	delightful	amusing
毫不费力	effortless	not expending the slightest effort
好棒	excellent (interjection)
毫米波	millimeter wave (radio signal)
毫无	not in the least	to completely lack
浩茫	boundless	unlimited
好球	(ball sports) good shot!	nice hit!	well played!
浩繁	vast	voluminous	many and varied	numerous	extensive amount of	exhaustive	heavy (expenditure)	arduous	strenuous	exhausting	draining	burdensome
好立克	Horlicks milk drink (popular in Hong Kong)
号礮	signaling cannon fire
豪	grand	heroic
号音	bugle call
好意思	to have the nerve	what a cheek!	to feel no shame	to overcome the shame	(is it) proper? (rhetorical question)
好好学习，天天向上	study hard and every day you will improve (idiom)
豪伊杜·比豪尔	Hajdú-Bihar province of east Hungary on the border with Romania
号召力	to have the power to rally supporters
毫克	milligram
好强	eager to be first
好康	benefit	advantage
毫发	a hair	the slightest
昊	surname Hao
濠	trench
好酒沉瓮底	lit. the best wine is at the bottom of the jug (idiom)	fig. the best is saved for last
好看	good-looking	nice-looking	good (of a movie, book, TV show etc)	embarrassed	humiliated
号令如山	lit. order like a mountain	a military order is inviolable	strict discipline
豪门	rich and powerful (families)	aristocratic	big shots
毫秒	millisecond, ms
好望角	Cape of Good Hope
号召	to call	to appeal
好戏还在后头	the best part of the show is yet to come	(with ironic tone) the worst is yet to come	you ain't seen nothin' yet
号兵	bugler	trumpeter (military)
耗时耗力	requiring much time and effort
号曰	to be named	named
好色	to want sex	given to lust	lecherous	lascivious	horny
好说歹说	to try one's very best to persuade sb (idiom)	to reason with sb in every way possible
豪萨语	the Hausa language
皓白	snow-white	spotless
好运	good luck
皓首苍颜	white hair and gray sunken cheeks (idiom); decrepit old age
好事不出门，恶事传千里	lit. good deeds do not go beyond the door, evil deeds spread a thousand miles	a good deed goes unnoticed, but scandal spreads fast (idiom)
好氧	aerobic
嚆	sound	noise
好话	words of praise	to speak well of
颢	bright	white
号旗	signaling flag
好兵帅克	The Good Soldier Švejk (Schweik), satirical novel by Czech author Jaroslav Hašek (1883-1923)
好不	not at all ...	how very ...
好事	to be meddlesome
毫米	millimeter
号子	work chant	prison cell	type	sort	mark	sign	signal	(Tw) brokerage firm
耗时	time-consuming	to take a period of (x amount of time)
耗能	to consume energy	energy consumption
好用	useful	serviceable	effective	handy	easy to use
号筒	bugle
好家伙	my God!	oh boy!	man!
豪油	oyster sauce	correct spelling 蠔油|蚝油
豪侠	brave and chivalrous
好死不如赖活着	Better a bad life than a good death (idiom)
好些	a good deal of	quite a lot
嚎	howl	bawl
好学近乎知，力行近乎仁，知耻近乎勇	to love learning is akin to knowledge, to study diligently is akin to benevolence, to know shame is akin to courage (Confucius)
浩劫	calamity	catastrophe	apocalypse
耗损	to waste
好手	expert	professional
耗尽	to exhaust	to use up	to deplete	to drain
好感	good opinion	favorable impression
皓齿	white teeth (symbol of youth and beauty)
好酒贪杯	good wine taken in excess (idiom); fond of the bottle
号	ordinal number	day of a month	mark	sign	business establishment	size	ship suffix	horn (wind instrument)	bugle call	assumed name	to take a pulse	classifier used to indicate number of people
好战	warlike
好不容易	with great difficulty	very difficult
好记	easy to remember
好言好语	kind words	sweet talk	coaxing manner
好歹	good and bad	most unfortunate occurrence	in any case	whatever
号外	(newspaper) extra	special number (of a periodical)
豪迈	bold	open-minded	heroic
毫微米	millimicron or one-millionth of a millimeter
濠江	Haojiang district of Shantou city 汕头市, Guangdong
灏	vast (of water)
耗油量	fuel consumption
好为人师	to like to lecture others (idiom)
好	good	well	proper	good to	easy to	very	so	(suffix indicating completion or readiness)	(of an unmarried couple) to be close	to be keen on each other
好辩	argumentative	quarrelsome
浩淼	vast	extending into the distance
毫巴	millibar (mbar or mb), unit of pressure (equal to hecto-Pascal)
豪华轿车	limousine	luxury carriage
豪奢	extravagant	luxurious
豪华型	deluxe model
壕沟	trench	moat
好市多	Costco (warehouse club chain)
浩然	Hào Rán (1932-2008), journalist and proletarian novelist
好动	active	restless	energetic
号哭	to bawl	to wail	to cry
号令	an order (esp. army)	bugle call expressing military order	verbal command
好事者	busybody	CL:個|个[ge4]
好心	kindness	good intentions
浩气	vast spirit	nobility of spirit
浩然	vast	expansive	overwhelming
好	to be fond of	to have a tendency to	to be prone to
好几年	several years
好吃	to be fond of eating	to be gluttonous
号码	number	CL:堆[dui1],個|个[ge4]
好在	luckily	fortunately
毫无二致	there cannot be another one like it
号	roar	cry	CL:個|个[ge4]
耗散	to dissipate	to squander
浩浩	vast	expansive (universe)	torrential (floods)
好色之徒	lecher	womanizer	dirty old man
浩特	nomadic camp	town or village (Mongolian: khot)
皓	bright	luminous	white (esp. bright white teeth of youth or white hair of old age)
好几	several	quite a few
好过	to have an easy time	(feel) well
昊天	clear sky
耗	to waste	to spend	to consume	to squander	news	(coll.) to delay	to dilly-dally
薃	Cyperus amuricus
毫微	(prefix) nano-
好奇会吃苦头的	Curiosity killed the cat.
好言	kind words
耗子	(dialect) mouse	rat
嚎哭	to bawl	to cry	to wail	to howl	also written 號哭|号哭[hao2 ku1]
毫不	hardly	not in the least	not at all
浩瀚	vast (of ocean)	boundless
好了伤疤忘了疼	to forget past pains once the wound has healed (idiom)
好梦难成	a beautiful dream is hard to realize (idiom)
镐	bright	place name	stove
昊	vast and limitless	the vast sky
恏	to desire
皓首	white head of hair	fig. old person
好吃	tasty	delicious
好汉不提当年勇	a real man doesn't boast about his past achievements (idiom)
好奇	inquisitive	curious	inquisitiveness	curiosity
号啕	to cry	to wail loudly
豪爽	outspoken and straightforward	forthright	expansive
好好	well	carefully	nicely	properly
镐把	pickaxe handle
好睇	good-looking (Cantonese)
毫无效果	to no avail	achieving nothing	totally ineffective	to have no effect	to fall flat (esp. of joke or speech that is completely ignored)
好男不跟女斗	a real man doesn't fight with womenfolk (idiom)
好久	quite a while
好汉做事好汉当	daring to act and courageous enough to take responsibility for it (idiom)	a true man has the courage to accept the consequences of his actions	the buck stops here
好比	to be just like	can be compared to
皓齿明眸	white teeth and bright eyes (idiom); lovely young woman
耗费	to waste	to spend	to consume	to squander
浩	grand	vast (water)
好景不长	a good thing doesn't last forever (idiom)
嚎啕大哭	to wail	to bawl (idiom)
豪杰	hero	towering figure
毫不犹豫	without the slightest hesitation
好玩	to be playful	to be fond of one's fun
好意	good intention	kindness
好哇	hurray!	hurrah!	yippee!
好走	bon voyage	god speed
号炮	signaling cannon fire
好自为之	to do one's best	to shape up	to behave
好坏	good or bad	good and bad	standard	quality
毫无疑问	certainty	without a doubt
好事多磨	the road to happiness is strewn with setbacks (idiom)
号头	number	serial number
好又多	Trust-Mart (supermarket chain)
号牌	license plate	number plate
豪宅	grand residence	mansion
好奇心	interest in sth	curiosity	inquisitive
好转	to improve	to take a turn for the better	improvement
好笑	laughable	funny	ridiculous
号角	bugle horn
蚝	oyster
好去	bon voyage	god speed
好不好	(coll.) all right?	OK?
浩浩荡荡	grandiose	majestic
好似	to seem	to be like
好恶	lit. likes and dislikes	preferences	taste
浩大	vast	great	large amount
好命	lucky	blessed with good fortune
豪绅	local despot
好运符	good luck charm
豪强	despot	tyrant	bully
好气	to be happy	to be in a good mood
号脉	to feel sb's pulse
好容易	with great difficulty	to have a hard time (convincing sb, relinquishing sth etc)
好象	to seem	to be like
好事	good action, deed, thing or work (also sarcastic, "a fine thing indeed")	charity	happy occasion	Daoist or Buddhist ceremony for the souls of the dead
浩渺	vast	extending into the distance
好故事百听不厌	The story is so good it's worth hearing a hundred times.	One never tires of hearing good new.
豪言壮语	bold, visionary words
号丧	to weep	to howl as if at a funeral
皞	bright	brilliant
豪华	luxurious
毫安	milliampere
蒿	celery wormwood (Artemisia carvifolia)	to give off	to weed
镐	a pick
好评	favorable criticism	positive evaluation
毫不客气	no trace of politeness	unrestrained (criticism)
毫毛	hair	soft hair	down
好饭不怕晚	The meal is remembered long after the wait is forgotten	The good things in life are worth waiting for
浩室	House (music genre)
毫米汞柱	millimeter of mercury	mmHg (unit of pressure)
好吃懒做	happy to partake but not prepared to do any work (idiom)	all take and no give
豪伊杜·比豪尔州	Hajdú-Bihar county in east Hungary on the border with Romania, capital Debrecen 德布勒森
好半天	most of the day
好样的	(idiom) a good person, used to praise sb's moral integrity or courage
毫厘不爽	not to deviate an iota (idiom)	to be extremely accurate
浩博	vast and plentiful	ample	very many
好友	close friend	pal	(social networking website) friend	CL:個|个[ge4]
好说	you're too kind (humble)	with pleasure! (indicating agreement)	easy to handle
毫不怀疑	without the slightest doubt
浩如烟海	vast as the open sea (idiom); fig. extensive (library)
濠江区	Haojiang district of Shantou city 汕头市, Guangdong
好使	easy to use	to function well	so that	in order to
毫发不爽	not to deviate one hair's breadth (idiom)	to be extremely accurate
浩阔	vast
好胜	eager to win	competitive	aggressive
好喝	tasty (drinks)
鄗	ancient place name
好奇尚异	liking what odd, interested in what is different (idiom); curious about the exotic	inquisitive
好马不吃回头草	lit. a good horse doesn't come back to the same pasture (idiom)	fig. one should not go back to one's past experiences (of love, job etc)
耗力	to require much effort
毫无逊色	not in the least inferior (idiom)
号志	signal	sign (traffic control etc)
好睡	good night
好学	eager to study	studious	erudite
好好儿	in good condition	perfectly good	carefully	well	thoroughly
好鸟	person of good character	nice person	bird with a melodious voice or beautiful plumage
好心倒做了驴肝肺	lit. to mistake good intentions for a donkey's liver and lungs (idiom)	fig. to mistake good intentions for ill intent
好多	many	quite a lot	much better
好时	Hershey's (brand)
好像	as if	to seem like
豪气	heroic spirit	heroism
号数	number in a sequence	ordinal number	serial number
好整以暇	to be calm and unruffled in the midst of chaos or at a busy time (idiom)
譹	to shout	to roar	to terrify	swiftly
好事之徒	busybody
好受	feeling better	to be more at ease
好玩	amusing	fun	interesting
镐京	Haojing (in modern Shaanxi, northwest of Chang'an county), capital of Western Zhou from c. 1050 BC
好借好还，再借不难	see 有借有還，再借不難|有借有还，再借不难 [you3 jie4 you3 huan2 , zai4 jie4 bu4 nan2]
好客	hospitality	to treat guests well	to enjoy having guests	hospitable	friendly
嗥叫	to growl	to howl
豪放	bold and unconstrained	powerful and free
好端端	perfectly all right	without rhyme or reason
号称	to have a reputation as	known as	de facto	to claim to be (often exaggeratedly or falsely)
好起来	to get better	to improve	to get well
皓齿朱唇	white teeth and vermilion lips (idiom); lovely young woman
豪气干云	lit. heroism reaching to the clouds (idiom)
好听	pleasant to hear
毫升	milliliter
毫米水银柱	millibar (unit of pressure)
毫不留情	to show no quarter	ruthless	relentless
蚝油	oyster sauce
好好先生	Mr Goody-goody	yes-man (sb who agrees with anything)
毫	hair	drawing brush	(in the) least	one thousandth	currency unit, 0.1 yuan
郝	ancient place name	surname Hao
毫瓦	milliwatt
郝海东	Hao Haidong (1970-), former Chinese soccer player
好莱坞	Hollywood
浩荡	vast and mighty (of river or ocean)	broad and powerful
豪壮	magnificent	heroic
好高骛远	to bite off more than one can chew (idiom)	to aim too high
好斗	to be warlike	to be belligerent
好处	benefit	advantage	gain	profit	also pr. [hao3 chu4]	CL:個|个[ge4]
豪情壮志	lofty ideals	noble aspirations
