烤盘	baking tray
考克斯报告	Cox Report	Report of the Select Committee on US National Security and Military-Commercial Concerns with the PRC (1999); Committee Chairman Republican Rep. Chris Cox
拷掠	to torture
烤鸡	roast chicken
考区	the exam area	the district where an exam takes place
烤烟	flue-cured tobacco
尻	coccyx	tailbone at end of spine	rear joint of meat animal
尻骨	coccyx	tailbone at end of spine
栲	chinquapin (Castanopsis fargesii and other spp.), genus of evergreen trees
考波什堡	Kaposvár in southwest Hungary (German: Ruppertsburg), capital of Somogy county 紹莫吉州|绍莫吉州
考生	exam candidate	student whose name has been put forward for an exam
烤电	diathermia (medical treatment involving local heating of body tissues with electric current)
靠杯	see 靠北[kao4 bei3]
拷打	to beat a prisoner (to obtain confessions)	to give sb the third degree	to torture
考进	to gain entry by passing an exam	to be admitted to (a college etc)
靠走道	on the aisle (referring to seats on a plane etc)
栲栳	round-bottomed wicker basket
考研	to sit an entrance exam for a graduate program
考分	grade	exam mark
考文垂	Coventry city in West Midlands 西米德蘭茲|西米德兰兹[Xi1 mi3 de2 lan2 zi1], UK
烤面包机	toaster
拷	to beat	to flog	to examine under torture
烤架	grill (of a cooker etc)
烤房	drying room	oven
考察	to inspect	to observe and study	on-the-spot investigation
靠山	patron	supporter	close to a mountain
烤炉	oven (PRC)
烤肉	barbecue (lit. roast meat)
烤饼	scone
考虑	to think over	to consider	consideration
考核	to examine	to check up on	to assess	to review	appraisal	review	evaluation
考试卷子	see 考試卷|考试卷[kao3 shi4 juan4]
栲胶	tannin
靠谱	reliable	reasonable	probable
考题	exam question
烤火	to warm oneself at a fire
烤面包	toast	to bake bread
考上	to pass a university entrance exam
靠山吃山，靠水吃水	lit. the mountain dweller lives off the mountain, the shore dweller lives off the sea (idiom)	fig. to make the best use of local resources	to exploit one's position to advance oneself	to find one's niche	to live off the land
考量	to consider	to give serious consideration to sth	consideration
考期	the exam period	the exam date
烤肉酱	barbecue sauce
烤炙	to scorch	(of the sun) to beat down on
考	to check	to verify	to test	to examine	to take an exam	to take an entrance exam for	deceased father
考古学家	archaeologist
靠背椅	high-back chair
考完	to finish an exam
靠拢	to draw close to
考验	to test	to put to the test	trial	ordeal
考查	investigate	study
考场	exam room
靠北	(lit.) to cry over one's dad's death (Minnan: khàu-pē)	(Taiwan slang) to rattle on	to carp	stop whining!	shut the hell up!	fuck!	damn!
烤胡椒香肠	roast pepper sausage	pepperoni
考古学	archaeology
考究	to investigate	to check and research	exquisite
考中	to pass an exam
考选部	Ministry of Examination, Taiwan
靠窗	by the window (referring to seats on a plane etc)
拷问	to question via torture
考取	to pass an entrance exam	to be admitted to
靠	to lean against or on	to stand by the side of	to come near to	to depend on	to trust	to fuck (vulgar)	traditional military costume drama where the performers wear armor (old)
靠近	near	to approach
考卷	exam paper
考	to beat	to hit	variant of 考[kao3]	to inspect	to test	to take an exam
靠窗座位	window seat
考霸	"exam master", sb who takes many exams and aces all of them
考古	archaeology
拷花	to emboss
拷贝	copy	to copy (loanword)
考克斯	Cox (surname)
考评	evaluation	to investigate and evaluate
考察船	survey ship
考试卷	exam answer-sheet	CL:張|张[zhang1]
靠腰	(lit.) to cry from hunger (Minnan: khàu-iau)	(Taiwan slang) to whine	shut the hell up!	fuck!	damn!
考古家	archaeologist
靠岸	(of a boat) to reach the shore	to pull toward shore	close to shore	landfall
尻门子	anus (rural coll.)
靠得住	reliable	trustworthy
铐	shackles	fetters	manacle
考订	to check and correct
考试院	Examination Yuan, the qualification and appointment board under the constitution of Republic of China, then of Taiwan	exam board
薧	dried food
栲属	Castanopsis, genus of evergreen trees
考官	an examiner	an official conducting an exam
考察队	investigation team	scientific expedition
考文垂市	Coventry (UK)
考勤簿	exam attendance register
烤鸭	roast duck
靠边	to keep to the side	to pull over	move aside!
考勤	exam records	attendance roll
靠不住	unreliable
考试	to take an exam	exam	CL:次[ci4]
考据	textual criticism
考绩	to check up on sb's achievements
犒赏	reward	to reward
烤箱	oven
考察团	inspection team
考证	to do textual research	to make textual criticism
考拉	koala (loanword)
靠走廊	next to the aisle	aisle (seat on aircraft)
犒	to reward or comfort with presents of food, drink etc
烤	to roast	to bake	to broil
考入	to pass entrance exam	to enter college after a competitive exam
犒劳	to reward with food and drink	to feast (sb)	presents of food etc made to troops	Taiwan pr. [kao4 lao4]
