牢骚	discontent	complaint	to complain
老吾老，以及人之老，幼吾幼，以及人之幼	to honor old people as we do our own aged parents, and care for other's children as one's own
老山自行车馆	Laoshan Velodrome, a Beijing 2008 Olympics venue
老虎机	slot machine
老兄	'old chap' (form of address between male friends)
老舍	Lao She (1899-1966), Chinese novelist and dramatist
老百姓	ordinary people	the "person in the street"	CL:個|个[ge4]
老板	boss	business proprietor	CL:個|个[ge4]
老鼻子	many
老当益壮	old but vigorous (idiom); hale and hearty despite the years
老骨头	weary old body (colloquial term, used jocularly or irreverently)
老太爷	elderly gentleman (respectful)	esteemed father
劳动合同	labor contract	contract between employer and employees governing wages and conditions
劳教所	correctional institution	labor camp
老牛拉破车	see 老牛破車|老牛破车[lao3 niu2 po4 che1]
劳动改造	reeducation through labor	laogai (prison camp)
劳动力	labor force	manpower
老大哥	big brother
牢靠	firm and solid	robust	reliable
劳委会	labor committee	abbr. for 勞動委員會|劳动委员会
老狐狸	old fox	fig. cunning person
老油条	old fox	slick customer
牢记	to keep in mind	to remember
老乡	fellow townsman	fellow villager	sb from the same hometown
老残游记	The Travels of Lao Tsan, novel by late Qing novelist Liu E 劉鶚|刘鹗[Liu2 E4]
老着脸	shamelessly
老花	presbyopia
老朋友	old friend	(slang) period	menstruation
老年痴呆	senile dementia	Alzheimer's disease
崂山区	Laoshan district of Qingdao city 青島市|青岛市, Shandong
老视眼	presbyopia
劳伦斯	Lawrence (person name)
劳改	abbr. for 勞動改造|劳动改造[lao2 dong4 gai3 zao4]	reform through labor	laogai (prison camp)
老虎菜	"Tiger Vegetable Salad," Northeast China dish usually consisting of hot pepper, cucumber, cilantro and leek
老佛爷	title of respect for the queen mother or the emperor's father	nickname for Empress Dowager Cixi 慈禧太后[Ci2 xi3 tai4 hou4]
老本	capital	assets	savings	nest egg	(fig.) reputation	laurels (to rest upon)	old edition of a book	(tree) trunk
劳埃德	Lloyd (name)	Lloyd's (London-based insurance group)
老伯	uncle (polite form of address for older male)
老城区	Laocheng district of Luoyang City 洛陽市|洛阳市[Luo4 yang2 shi4], Henan
劳心苦思	to rack one's brains	to think hard
老毛病	chronic illness	old weakness	chronic problem
劳拉西泮	lorazepam
老玉米	(dialect) corn
酪乳	buttermilk
劳逸结合	to strike a balance between work and rest (idiom)
老东西	(derog.) old fool	old bastard
老鼠拖木锨，大头在后头	when the mice drag a shovel, the biggest thing comes second	the tip of the iceberg	the cockroach principle
劳损	strain (medicine)
老年痴呆症	senile dementia	Alzheimer's disease
老鸟	old hand	veteran
老少无欺	cheating neither old nor young	treating youngsters and old folk equally scrupulously	Our house offers sincere treatment to all and fair trade to old and young alike.
老马嘶风	old horse sniffs the wind (idiom); fig. aged person with great aspirations
姥	grandma (maternal)
老年人	old people	the elderly
老鼠	rat	mouse	CL:隻|只[zhi1]
劳动节	International Labor Day (May Day)
劳方	labor (as opposed to capital or management)	the workers
劳动营	labor camp	prison camp with hard labor
唠叨	to prattle	to chatter away	to nag	garrulous	nagging
劳劳碌碌	tiring	difficult to get by	painful
牢狱之灾	imprisonment
老拙	old fart (usually in self reference)	geezer
老烟枪	heavy smoker	chain smoker	life-long smoker
老神在在	calm and easy-going (Taiwanese)
老师	teacher	CL:個|个[ge4],位[wei4]
姥	governess	old woman
劳倦	exhausted	worn out
老皇历	lit. last year's calendar (almanac)	fig. ancient history	obsolete practice	old-fashioned principle
捞本	to get one's money back (esp. gambling)	to recoup one's losings
老太	old lady
老花镜	presbyopic glasses
老挝	Laos
老脸	self-respect of old person	face	thick-skinned (i.e. impervious to criticism)	brazen
髝髞	crude and irascible (temperament)	tall appearance
酪饼	cheesecake
老汉	old man	I (an old man referring to himself)
老爷车	classic car
老辣	shrewd and ruthless	efficient and unscrupulous
醪	wine or liquor with sediment
老边区	Laobian district of Yingkou City 營口市|营口市, Liaoning
劳累	tired	exhausted	worn out	to toil
老父	father	old man	venerable sir
老太太	elderly lady (respectful)	esteemed mother	CL:位[wei4]
老婆孩子热炕头	wife kids and a warm bed (idiom); the simple and good life	longa est vita si plena est	la dolce vita
酪氨酸	tyrosine (Tyr), an amino acid
哰	see 囒哰[lan2 lao2], confused talk
痨病	tuberculosis (TCM)
老大	old age	very	eldest child in a family	leader of a group	boss	captain of a boat	leader of a criminal gang
劳动	work	toil	physical labor	CL:次[ci4]
老三色	the three plain colors used for clothing in the PRC in the 1960s: black, gray and blue
老家	native place	place of origin	home state or region
老吾老，以及人之老	to honor old people as we do our own aged parents
老年性痴呆症	senile dementia
劳烦	to inconvenience	to trouble (sb with a request)
劳动新闻	Rodong Sinmun (Workers' news), the official newspaper of the North Korean WPK's Central Committee
劳碌	tiring
老花眼	presbyopia
老头乐	backscratcher (made from bamboo etc)	(may also refer to other products that are of benefit to old people, such as padded cloth shoes, mobility tricycle etc)
捞	to fish up	to dredge up
老是	always
老趼	callus (patch or hardened skin)	corns (on feet)
老一套	the same old stuff
劳动教养	reeducation through labor
老外	(coll.) foreigner (esp. non Asian person)	layman	amateur
老成	mature	experienced	sophisticated
老友	old friend	sb who passed the county level imperial exam (in Ming dynasty)
劳动者	worker	laborer
老鼠拉龟，无从下手	like mice trying to pull a turtle, nowhere to get a hand grip (idiom)	no clue where to start
酪蛋白	casein (milk protein)
捞取	to fish for	to seek profit (by improper means)
老骥伏枥	lit. an old steed in the stable still aspires to gallop 1000 miles (idiom); fig. aged person with great aspirations
老者	old man	elderly man
劳神	to be a tax on (one's mind)	to bother	to trouble	to be concerned
老头子	(coll.) old man	(said of an aging husband) my old man
老大徒伤悲	vain regrets of old age (idiom)
老处女	unmarried old woman	spinster
老幺	youngest
老龄化	aging (population)
劳心	to work with one's brains	to rack one's brains	to worry
老河口市	Laohekou county level city in Xiangfan 襄樊[Xiang1 fan2], Hubei
老样子	old situation	things as they were
老谋深算	rigorous schemes and deep foresight (idiom); astute and circumspect
老墨	(coll.) a Mexican
劳作	work	manual labor
劳资关系	industrial relations	relations between labor and capital
老美	(coll.) an American	person from the United States
老妇人	old lady (term of modesty)
姥鲨	basking shark (Cetorhinus maximus)
劳动保险	labor insurance
老公	(coll.) husband
狫	name of a tribe
老街	Lao Cai, Vietnam	Laokai or Laukkai, Burma (Myanmar)
老叟	old man
老式	old-fashioned	old type	outdated
姥姥	(coll.) mother's mother	maternal grandmother
老爷子	my (you etc) old father	polite appellation for an elderly male
老河口	Laohekou county level city in Xiangfan 襄樊[Xiang1 fan2], Hubei
老成持重	old and wise	experienced and knowledgeable
老眼昏花	blurred vision of an old person (idiom)
姥娘	maternal grandmother (dialectal)
老子	father	daddy	"I, your father" (in anger, or out of contempt)	I (used arrogantly or jocularly)
老牌	old, well-known brand	old style	old school	an old hand	experienced veteran
老鸹	a crow
老天	God	Heavens
老套子	old methods	old habits
老爷	(respectful) lord	master	(coll.) maternal grandfather
老牛吃嫩草	lit. an old cow eats young grass (idiom)	fig. a May-December relationship	a romance where the man is significantly older than the woman
老奸巨猾	cunning	crafty	wily old fox
醪糟	sweet fermented rice	glutinous rice wine
老总	boss	executive
劳动模范	model worker
劳	to console
老资格	veteran
老境	advanced years	old age
捞一把	to profiteer	to gain some underhand advantage
老城	old town	old district of a city
老态龙钟	doddering	senile
牢房	jail cell	prison cell
老少皆宜	suitable for both the young and the old
劳力	labor	able-bodied worker	laborer	work force
劳逸	work and rest
老年期	old age
老蚌生珠	lit. an old oyster producing a pearl (idiom)	fig. birthing a son at an advanced age
捞稻草	to fish for a straw	futile attempt to gain profit
老烟鬼	heavy smoker	chain smoker
老于世故	experienced in the ways of the world (idiom); worldly-wise	sophisticated
老姥	old lady (term of modesty)
老黑	(coll.) black person
牢子	jailer (old)
老账	lit. old account	old debt	fig. old scores to settle	old quarrels	old grudge
老骥嘶风	old steed sniffs the wind (idiom); fig. aged person with great aspirations
老来俏	old person who dresses up as teenager	mutton dressed as lamb
酪氨酸代谢病	yrosinosis
老客儿	erhua variant of 老客[lao3 ke4]
老练	seasoned	experienced
老鼠尾巴	lit. rat's tail; fig. a follower of inferior stature
老半天	(coll.) a long time
唠	to gossip	to chat (dialect)
老三篇	Lao San Pian, three short essays written by Mao Zedong before the PRC was established
牢	firm	sturdy	fold (for animals)	sacrifice	prison
劳苦	labor	toil
酪	curdled milk or fruit juice	also pr. [luo4]
老好人	one who tries never to offend anybody
老大爷	uncle	grandpa	CL:位[wei4]
劳顿	fatigued	wearied (literary)
老太婆	old woman (at times contemptuous)
老爷爷	(coll.) father's father's father	paternal great-grandfather
劳民伤财	waste of manpower and resources
老客	peddler	old or regular customer
劳模	model worker
老骥伏枥，志在千里	lit. an old steed in the stable still aspires to gallop 1000 miles (idiom); fig. old people may still cherish high aspirations
老鹰	(coll.) eagle	hawk	any similar bird of prey
老将	lit. old general	commander-in-chief 將帥|将帅, the equivalent of king in Chinese chess	fig. old-timer	veteran
劳斯莱斯	Rolls-Royce
労	Japanese variant of 勞|劳
老兵	veteran
劳动人民	working people	the workers of Socialist theory or of the glorious Chinese past
老人	old man or woman	the elderly	one's aged parents or grandparents
老早	a long time ago
老视	presbyopia
铑	rhodium (chemistry)
老	prefix used before the surname of a person or a numeral indicating the order of birth of the children in a family or to indicate affection or familiarity	old (of people)	venerable (person)	experienced	of long standing	always	all the time	of the past	very	outdated	(of meat etc) tough
老千	cheat	swindler (in gambling)
老弟	(affectionate form of address for a male who is not very much younger than oneself) my boy	old pal
老粗	uneducated person	yokel	boor	roughneck
轑	spokes
老鹰星云	Eagle or Star Queen Nebula M16
老实	honest	sincere	open and guileless	naive
老虎钳	vise	pincer pliers
老头儿	see 老頭子|老头子[lao3 tou2 zi5]
痨	tuberculosis
老油子	(coll.) wily old fox	crafty fellow
老谱	old ways	old habit
老实巴交	(coll.) docile	well-behaved	biddable
酪农业	dairy
老伴儿	erhua variant of 老伴[lao3 ban4]
牢固	firm	secure
老婆	(coll.) wife
劳雇	labor and employer
老古板	overly conservative	old-fashioned	old fogey	a square
老羞成怒	see 惱羞成怒|恼羞成怒[nao3 xiu1 cheng2 nu4]
老掉牙	very old	obsolete	out of date
劳什子	(dialect) nuisance	pain
牢牢	firmly	safely
嫪	surname Lao
老酒	wine, esp. Shaoxing wine
老板娘	female proprietor	lady boss	boss's wife
牢靠妥当	reliable	solid and dependable
铹	lawrencium (chemistry)
老儿	father	husband	old man
崂山	Laoshan district of Qingdao city 青島市|青岛市, Shandong
老虎伍兹	Eldrick "Tiger" Woods (1975-), American golfer
牢狱	prison
老城区	old city district	historical center
老聃	another name for Laozi 老子[Lao3 zi3]
老两口儿	an old married couple
老年	elderly	old age	autumn of one's years
老套	old things	old ways (pejorative)
牢笼	cage	trap (e.g. basket, pit or snare for catching animals)	fig. bonds (of wrong ideas)	shackles (of past misconceptions)	to trap	to shackle
老远	very far away
老态	elderly, as in movement or bearing
老实说	honestly speaking	to be frank, ...
老乌恰	same as 烏魯克恰提|乌鲁克恰提 in Xinjiang
老手	experienced person	an old hand at sth
劳资	labor and capital	labor and management
老一辈	previous generation	older generation
老抽	dark soy sauce
嫪	longing (unrequited passion)
老大娘	old lady	Madam (polite address)	CL:位[wei4]
老庄	Laozi and Zhuangzi (or Lao-tze and Chuang-tze), the founders of Daoism
劳心劳力	to tax one's mind and body	demanding (work)	dedicated (worker)	hard-working
老耄	dim sight of the aged	doddering	senile
老头	old fellow	old man	father	husband
劳改营	correctional labor camp
劳动号	Nodong, series of North Korean medium range missiles
老不死	(derog.) old but still alive	old fart	old bastard
老化酶	aged enzyme
劳动报	Trud (Russian newspaper)
老娘	my old mother	I, this old woman	my old lady (colloquial)	maternal grandmother	midwife
老子	Laozi or Lao-tze (c. 500 BC), Chinese philosopher, the founder of Taoism	the sacred book of Daoism, 道德經|道德经 by Laozi
劳动能力	ability to work
唠	to chatter
老虎灶	old-style large kitchen stove
老伯伯	grandpa (polite form of address for old man)
老旧	outmoded	old-fashioned
老翁	old man
老二	the second child or brother (or sister)	(slang) penis
老人家	polite term for old woman or man
栳	basket
老抠	penny-pincher	miser
劳伤	disorder of internal organs caused by overexertion
老马识途	an old horse knows the way (idiom); an experienced worker knows what to do	an old hand knows the ropes
老大妈	"Madam" (affectionate term for an elderly woman)	CL:位[wei4]
老龄	old age	aging	aged	geriatric	the aged
劳役	forced labor	corvée (labor required of a serf)	animal labor
老毛子	Westerner (esp. a Russian) (derog.)
劳力士	Rolex (Swiss wristwatch brand)
老妪	old woman (formal writing)
老君	Laozi or Lao-tze (c. 500 BC), Chinese philosopher, the founder of Taoism	the sacred book of Daoism, 道德經|道德经 by Laozi
牢友	inmate	cellmate
老老	maternal grandmother	same as 姥姥
老鸨	female brothel keeper
崂	name of a mountain in Shandong
劳而无功	to work hard while accomplishing little	to toil to no avail
嫪毐	Lao Ai (-238 BC), man of Qin famous for his giant penis	in fiction, bogus eunuch and the consort of king Ying Zheng's mother lady Zhao
髝	see 髝髞[lao2 sao4]
老爹	(dialect) father	old man	sir
老歌	oldie (song)
老帽儿	(dialect) country bumpkin	a hick
老路	old road	familiar way	beaten track	conventional behavior
老奶奶	(coll.) father's father's mother	paternal great-grandmother	respectful form of address for an old woman
老家贼	(dialect) sparrow
唠嗑	(dialect) to chat	to gossip
老气横秋	old and decrepit	proud of one's age and experience (idiom)
捞钱	lit. to dredge for money	to make money by reprehensible means	to fish for a quick buck
老太公	aged gentleman (dialect, respectful term)
老少咸宜	suitable for young and old
老饕	glutton
老爷岭	Chinese name for Sichote-Alin mountain range in Russia's Primorsky Krai around Vladivostok
老妈	mother	mom
老骥	old thoroughbred	fig. aged person with great aspirations
劳	to toil	labor	laborer	to put sb to trouble (of doing sth)	meritorious deed
老到	experienced and careful
老丈	(formal) Sir	CL:位[wei4]
老字号	shop, firm, or brand of merchandise with a long-established reputation
老牛舐犊	lit. an old ox licking its calf (idiom)	fig. (of parents) to dote on one's children
老框框	rigid conventions	reactionary framework
老化	to age (of person or object)	becoming old
老调重弹	to play the same old tune (idiom); unoriginal
劳雇关系	relations between labor and employer	industrial relations
老糊涂	dotard
老迈	aged	senile
咾	a noise	a sound
老人院	nursing home	old people's home
酪梨	avocado (Persea americana)	Taiwan pr. [luo4 li2]
酪素	casein (milk protein)
老牛破车	lit. old ox pulling a shabby cart (idiom)	fig. slow and inefficient
老少	the old and the young
劳工	labor	laborer
老妈子	older female servant	amah
老来少	old but young at heart
老雕	vulture
老公	(coll.) eunuch	see also 老公[lao3 gong1]
老王卖瓜，自卖自夸	every potter praises his own pot (idiom)	all one's geese are swans
姥爷	maternal grandfather (dialectal)
老天爷	God	Heavens
老板	Robam (brand)
涝	flooded
老伴	(of an elderly couple) husband or wife
老公公	old man	husband's father	father-in-law	court eunuch
老茧	callus (patch or hardened skin)	corns (on feet)	also 老趼
老马恋栈	lit. the old horse loves his stable	fig. sb old but reluctant to relinquish their post (idiom)
捞油水	(coll.) to gain profit (usu. by underhand means)
捞什子	encumbrance	burden	that awful thing (colloquial)	nuisance
劳教	reeducation through labor
老虎	tiger	CL:隻|只[zhi1]
老边	Laobian district of Yingkou City 營口市|营口市, Liaoning
老生	venerable middle-aged or elderly man, usually wearing an artificial beard (in Chinese opera)
老鼠洞	mouse hole
劳驾	excuse me
劳燕分飞	not wishing to part
老爸	father	dad
