泥土	earth	soil	mud	clay
逆袭	counterattack
泥质	muddy
腻人	greasy	boring
薿	luxuriant (of plants)
泥坑	mud pit	mire	morass
尼古丁	nicotine (loanword)
泥鳅	loach	mud fish	CL:條|条[tiao2]
尼苏	Nisu (language)
泥沙	silt
逆反应	reverse reaction	counter-reaction	inverse response
逆序	inverse order
拟声唱法	scat singing
泥垢	dirt	grime
尼布楚条约	Treaty of Nerchinsk (1698) between Qing China and Russia
尼勒克县	Nilka county or Nilqa nahiyisi in Ili Kazakh autonomous prefecture 伊犁哈薩克自治州|伊犁哈萨克自治州[Yi1 li2 Ha1 sa4 ke4 zi4 zhi4 zhou1], Xinjiang
泥石流	landslide	torrent of mud and stones	mudslide
拟稿	to draft (a statement)
你个头	(coll.) (suffix) my ass!	yeah, right!
逆料	to foresee	to predict
逆戟鲸	(zoo.) orca	killer whale
妮维娅	Nivea, skin and body care brand
霓裳	nichang, rainbow colored clothes worn by the Eight Immortals 八仙[Ba1 xian1]
逆旅	guest-house	inn
呢	woolen material
霓裳	Nichang, abbr. for the Tang Dynasty song "Raiment of Rainbows and Feathers" 霓裳羽衣曲[Ni2 chang2 yu3 yi1 qu1] or 霓裳羽衣舞[Ni2 chang2 yu3 yi1 wu3]
拟于不伦	to draw an impossible comparison
你好	Hello!	Hi!	How are you?
昵比	intimate
泥封	to seal jars etc with mud, clay or lute	lute	luting
柅	(tree)	to stop
腻	greasy	soft	unctuous	intimate	tired of
泥	mud	clay	paste	pulp
泥浆	slurry	mud
妮子	(coll.) lass	(dialect) little girl
你情我愿	to both be willing	mutual consent
逆行	to go the wrong way	to go against one-way traffic regulation
呢子	woolen cloth
拟合	to fit (data to a model)	a (close) fit
尼泊尔王国	Kingdom of Nepal
尼尔森	Nielsen or Nelson (name)
拟人	personification	anthropomorphism
猊	(mythical animal)	lion
尼日	Niger, West Africa (Tw)
泥质岩	mudstone (geology)
尼玛	Nyima county, Tibetan: Nyi ma rdzong in Nagchu prefecture 那曲地區|那曲地区[Na4 qu3 di4 qu1], central Tibet
你死我活	lit. you die, I live (idiom); irreconcilable adversaries	two parties cannot coexist
腻子	putty (same as 泥子)	frequent caller	hanger-on
拟球	(math.) pseudosphere, a surface in ordinary space of constant negative curvature
逆变	reversing (e.g. electric current)
逆转	to turn back	to reverse
尼日利亚	Nigeria, West Africa
逆差	adverse trade balance	trade deficit
拟阿拖品药物	atropinemimetic drug
泥腿	peasant	yokel
慝	evil thought
泥盆纪	Devonian (geological period 417-354m years ago)
尼龙	nylon (loanword)
逆反	rebellious behavior	opposite	ob-
尼泊尔共产党	Communist Party of Nepal
尼安德塔人	Neanderthal man
泥古不化	conservative and unable to adapt (idiom)
郳	place name
溺爱	to spoil	to pamper	to dote on
泥炭	peat
旎	fluttering of flags
溺婴	to drown a newborn baby (as method of infanticide)
尼玛县	Nyima county, Tibetan: Nyi ma rdzong in Nagchu prefecture 那曲地區|那曲地区[Na4 qu3 di4 qu1], central Tibet
逆	contrary	opposite	backwards	to go against	to oppose	to betray	to rebel
你追我赶	friendly one-upmanship	to try to emulate
倪桂珍	Ni Guizhen or Ni Kwei-Tseng (1869 - 1931), mother of Song Ailing 宋藹齡|宋蔼龄[Song4 Ai3 ling2], Song Qingling 宋慶齡|宋庆龄[Song4 Qing4 ling2] and Song Meiling 宋美齡|宋美龄[Song4 Mei3 ling2]
拟	doubtful	suspicious	variant of 擬|拟[ni3]	to emulate	to imitate
尼克	Nick (name)
尼雅	Niya, ancient kingdom near Khotan in Xinjiang, 1st century BC-4th century AD
逆喻	oxymoron
匿	to hide
拟古	to emulate a classic	to work in the style of a classic (author)
泥瓦匠	bricklayer	tiler	mason
尼克森	Nixon (name)	Richard M Nixon (1913-1994), US president 1969-1974
泥岩	mudstone	shale
逆转录酶	reverse transcriptase
泥工	mason	masonry work
你我	you and me	us	we
你争我夺	lit. you fight, I snatch (idiom); to compete fiercely offering no quarter	fierce rivalry	tug-of-war
輗	clamps for crossbar of carriage
逆心	unfavorable	undesired
逆映射	inverse map (math.)
尼泊尔鹪鹛	(Chinese bird species) Nepal wren-babbler (Pnoepyga immaculata)
拟订	to draw up (a plan)
泥涂轩冕	to despise titles and high offices
泥金	to gild	gilt
泥菩萨过江，自身难保	like a clay Bodhisattva fording a river, can't guarantee his own safety	unable to save oneself, let alone others
溺	to drown	to indulge	addicted to	to spoil (a child)
尼木	Nyêmo county, Tibetan: Snye mo rdzong in Lhasa 拉薩|拉萨[La1 sa4], Tibet
泥水	muddy water	mud	masonry (craft)
尼米兹号	Nimitz class, US nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, 8 in commission since 1975
霓虹	rainbow	neon (loanword)
拟大朱雀	(Chinese bird species) streaked rosefinch (Carpodacus rubicilloides)
逆光	backlighting (lighting design)
逆耳	unpleasant to hear	grates on the ear (of home truths)
拟	to plan to	to draft (a plan)	to imitate	to assess	to compare	pseudo-
腻味	tired of sth	fed up with
你们	you (plural)
匿名	anonymous
尼希米记	Book of Nehemiah
尼格罗	negro (loanword)
尼哥底母	Nicodemus, prominent Jew of the time of Christ, mentioned in the Gospel of John
泥沼	swamp
呢	particle indicating that a previously asked question is to be applied to the preceding word ("What about ...?", "And ...?")	particle for inquiring about location ("Where is ...?")	particle signaling a pause, to emphasize the preceding words and allow the listener time to take them on board ("ok?", "are you with me?")	(at the end of a declarative sentence) particle indicating continuation of a state or action	particle indicating strong affirmation
泥塑	clay modeling	clay figurine or statue
溺职	to neglect one's duty	dereliction of duty
你看着办吧	You figure it out for yourself.	Do as you please.
妮维雅	Nivea, skin and body care brand
逆来顺受	to resign oneself to adversity (idiom); to grin and bear it	to submit meekly to insults, maltreatment, humiliation etc
尼厄丽德	Nereids (Greek sea nymphs, fifty daughters of Nereus and Doris)	Nereid, moon of Neptune
逆行倒施	to go against the tide (idiom); to do things all wrong	to try to turn back history	a perverse way of doing things
逆断层	reverse fault (geology)	compression fault, where one block pushes over the other at dip of less than 45 degrees
铌	niobium (chemistry)
拟作	to write in the style of some author	to write as if from the mouth of sb	a pastiche
泥腿子	peasant	yokel
腻歪	see 膩味|腻味[ni4 wei5]
尼克松	Richard Nixon (1913-1994), US politician, President 1969-1974	surname Nixon
逆伦	unnatural relationship (parricide, incest etc)	unfilial conduct	against social morals
鲵	Cryptobranchus japonicus	salamander
泥泞	muddy	mud
逆水	against the current	upstream
泥古	stick-in-the-mud	to stick to old ways	stubbornly conservative
泥牛入海	lit. a clay ox enters the sea (idiom); fig. to disappear with no hope of returning
泥沙俱下	mud and sand flow together (idiom)	good and bad mingle
尼斯	Nice (city in France)
尼日尔河	Niger River of West Africa
尼米兹	Chester William Nimitz (1885-1966), US admiral
昵	familiar	intimate	to approach
匿报	to withhold information
逆运	bad luck	unlucky fate
呢呢	garrulous	talkative
尼木县	Nyêmo county, Tibetan: Snye mo rdzong in Lhasa 拉薩|拉萨[La1 sa4], Tibet
昵爱	to love dearly	intimacy	close love
拟态	(biol.) mimicry	(protective) mimicry	camouflage
拟议	proposal	recommendation	to draft
拟卤素	pseudohalogen, e.g. cyanogen (CN)2
逆贼	renegade	traitor and bandit
拟定	to draw up	to draft	to formulate
泥胎	clay idol
尼龙搭扣	nylon buckle	velcro
泥	restrained
妮可·基德曼	Nicole Kidman (1967-), film actress
泥潭	quagmire
泥淖	mud	muddy swamp	sump	fig. a sticky predicament
你	you (informal, as opposed to courteous 您[nin2])
猊	wild beast	wild horse	lion	trad. form used erroneously for 貌	simplified form used erroneously for 狻
逆水行舟，不进则退	like rowing a boat upstream, if you stop moving forward you fall back (idiom)
拟游隼	(Chinese bird species) Barbary falcon (Falco pelegrinoides)
尼日尔	Niger (African state)	Niger River, West Africa
拟声词	onomatopoeia
逆水行舟	lit. a boat going against the current (idiom); fig. you must work harder
泥铲	trowel
逆反心理	reverse psychology
泥煤	peat
泥水匠	mason
倪匡	Ni Kuang (1935-), Chinese novelist and screenwriter
泥孩	clay doll
泥质页岩	mudstone
逆转录病毒	reverse transcription virus	retrovirus
逆臣	rebellious minister
泥巴	mud
溺死	to drown
泥子	putty (used by plumbers and glaziers)
睨视	to look askance
昵称	nickname	diminutive	term of endearment	to nickname
拟古之作	a work in a classic style	a pastiche
泥灰	lime plaster (construction)
逆风	to go against the wind	contrary wind	a headwind
匿影藏形	to hide from public view	to conceal one's identity	to lay low
倪柝声	Ni Tuosheng or Watchman Nee (1903-1972), influential Chinese Christian
你等	you all (archaic)	see also 你們|你们[ni3 men5]
怩	shy	timid	bashful	to look ashamed
拟制	to copy (a model)
逆运算	inverse operation	inverse calculation
尼康	Nikon corporation
呢呢痴痴	docile
泥醉	blind drunk	drunk as drunk can be
泥炭藓	matted sphagnum moss (Sphagnum palustre)
逆子	unfilial son
鶂	hawk
逆时针	anticlockwise	counterclockwise
姄	(used in female given names) (old)
尼亚美	Niamey, capital of Niger
妮	girl	phonetic "ni" (in female names)	Taiwan pr. [ni2]
尼罗	the Nile
霓	secondary rainbow
倪	surname Ni
匿迹	to go into hiding
尼桑	Nissan, Japanese car make (derived from 日產)
拟音	to make a sound effect	sound effect
泥菩萨	clay Bodhisattva
尼亚加拉瀑布	Niagara Falls
逆回音	inverted turn (ornament in music)
麑	fawn
尼	Buddhist nun	(often used in phonetic spellings)
拟声	onomatopoeia
腻烦	bored	to be fed up with	sick and tired of sth
霓虹灯	neon lamp (loanword)
尼加拉瓜	Nicaragua
呢喃	(onom.) twittering of birds	whispering	murmuring
逆流	against the stream	adverse current	a counter-current	fig. reactionary tendency	to go against the trend
尼姆	Nîmes (city in France)
逆产	traitor's property	breech delivery
尼加拉瀑布	Niagara Falls (Tw)
你走你的阳关道，我过我的独木桥	lit. you hit the high road, I'll cross the log bridge (idiom)	fig. you go your way, I'll go mine	you do it your way, I'll do it mine
尼布甲尼撒	Nebuchadnezzar
腻友	intimate friend
逆向	backwards	reverse direction
堄	parapet
尼科西亚	Nicosia, capital of Cyprus
霓	Japanese cicada	old variant of 霓[ni2]
逆火	(of an engine) to backfire
齯	teeth grown in old age
尼罗河	Nile (river)
泥刀	trowel
呢喃细语	whispering in a low voice (idiom); murmuring
溺水	to drown
逆耳之言	speech that grates on the ear (idiom); bitter truths	home truths (that one does not want to hear)
尼采	Friedrich Nietzsche (1846-1900), German philosopher
尼勒克	Nilka county or Nilqa nahiyisi in Ili Kazakh autonomous prefecture 伊犁哈薩克自治州|伊犁哈萨克自治州[Yi1 li2 Ha1 sa4 ke4 zi4 zhi4 zhou1], Xinjiang
惄	distressed	famished
逆定理	converse theorem (math.)
尼赫鲁	Jawaharlal Nehru (1889-1964), Indian politician, first prime minister 1947-1964
逆夷	invaders (insulting term)	foreign aggressors
尼古西亚	Nicosia, capital of Cyprus (Tw)
尼姑	Buddhist nun
尼安德塔	Neanderthal (man)
尼泊尔	Nepal
倪嗣冲	Ni Sichong (1868-1924), general closely linked to Yuan Shikai 袁世凱|袁世凯 during his unsuccessful 1915 bid for Empire
尼安德特人	Neanderthal man
尼德兰	the Netherlands
睨	to look askance at
尼斯湖水怪	Loch Ness Monster
逆境	adversity	predicament
尼尔逊	Nelson or Nillson (name)	Horatio Nelson (1758-1805), British naval hero
泥守	stubborn and conservative
逆流溯源	to go back to the source
尼雅河	Niya River in south Xinjiang
