鸟禽	bird
鸟松乡	Niaosong or Niaosung township in Kaohsiung county 高雄縣|高雄县[Gao1 xiong2 xian4], southwest Taiwan
鸟篆	bird characters (a decorated form of the Great Seal)
鸟眼纹	bird's eye (common company name)
鸟粪	guano	bird excrement
鸟澡盆	birdbath
鸟机	fowling piece (archaic gun)
鸟道	a road only a bird can manage	steep dangerous road
尿床	bed-wetting
鸟尽弓藏	lit. the birds are over, the bow is put away (idiom); fig. to get rid of sb once he has served his purpose
鸟脚下目	Ornithopoda, suborder of herbivorous dinosaurs including iguanodon
鸟人	(vulgar) damned wretch	fucker	also pr. [niao3 ren2]
尿液	urine
尿盆	chamber pot
鸟类	birds
鸟兽散	to scatter like birds and beasts
尿毒症	uremia (medicine)
尿不湿	(coll.) disposable diaper
鸟羽	pinion
鸟眼	bird's eye
袅袅婷婷	(of a woman) elegant and supple
尿	see 尿[niao4]
尿盆儿	erhua variant of 尿盆[niao4 pen2]
袅娜	slim and graceful
鸟屋	birdhouse
尿尿	to pee
茑	grossulariaceae
鸟瞰	to get a bird's-eye view	bird's-eye view	broad overview
鸟兽	birds and beasts	fauna
脲醛	urea formaldehyde
鸟叔	nickname of Korean singer PSY
鸟	bird	CL:隻|只[zhi1],群[qun2]	(dialect) to pay attention to	(intensifier) damned	goddam
鸟疫	ornithosis
鸟松	Niaosong or Niaosung township in Kaohsiung county 高雄縣|高雄县[Gao1 xiong2 xian4], southwest Taiwan
尿道	urethra	urinary tract
鸟巢	bird's nest	nickname for Beijing 2008 Olympic stadium
尿急	urinary urgency
脲	carbamide	urea (NH2)2CO	also written 尿素
鸟嘴	beak
嫐	to tease	to play around with
尿	to urinate	urine	CL:泡[pao1]
鸟苷酸二钠	disodium guanylate (E627)
鸟窝	bird's nest
尿嘧啶	uracil nucleotide (U, pairs with adenine A 腺嘌呤 in RNA)
尿样	urine	urine sample
鸟枪	flintlock musket	fowling piece (shotgun)	air gun
尿素	carbamide	urea (NH2)2CO
尿布	diaper
尿泡	(dialect) bladder	to urinate
鸟雀	bird
鸟瞰图	bird's-eye view	see also 俯瞰圖|俯瞰图[fu3 kan4 tu2]
鸟疫衣原体	Chlamydia ornithosis
鸟类学	ornithology	study of birds
鸟事	damn thing	(not one's) goddamn business
鸟枪换炮	bird shotgun replaced by cannon (idiom); equipment improved enormously
尿片	diaper
鸟嘌呤	guanine nucleotide (G, pairs with cytosine C 胞嘧啶 in DNA and RNA)
尿脬	bladder
鸟不生蛋	deserted (of a place)
袅袅	rising in spirals
鸟鸣	birdsong	warbling
尿生殖管道	urinogenital tract
鸟儿	bird
鸟铳	bird gun
鸟语花香	lit. birdsong and fragrant flowers (idiom); fig. the intoxication of a beautiful spring day
袅	delicate	graceful
鸟不拉屎，鸡不生蛋	lit. (a place where) birds don't defecate and hens don't lay eggs (idiom)	fig. god-forsaken	remote and desolate
鸟不生蛋，狗不拉屎	lit. (a place where) birds don't lay eggs and dogs don't defecate (idiom)	fig. god-forsaken	remote and desolate
鸟虫书	bird writing, a calligraphic style based on seal script 篆书, but with characters decorated as birds and insects
鸟胺酸	ornithine
鸟击	bird strike (aviation)
鸟笼	birdcage
尿毒	uremia (medicine)
嬲	to tease	to disturb
鸟脚亚目	Ornithopoda (suborder of herbivorous dinosaurs)
