笸	flat basket-tray
泼贱人	slut	tramp (old)
泼溅	to spatter
婆罗门	Brahmin
破财	bankrupt	to suffer financial loss
朴	surname Piao	Korean surname 박 (Park, Pak, or Bak)	also pr. [Pu2]
坡头	Potou district of Zhanjiang city 湛江市[Zhan4 jiang1 shi4], Guangdong
鄱	name of a lake
鄱阳湖	Poyang Lake in Shangrao 上饒|上饶[Shang4 rao2], Jiangxi
破产者	bankrupt person
婆罗浮屠	Borobudur (in Java, Indonesia)
珀	amber
珀西·比希·雪莱	Percy Bysshe Shelley (1792-1822), English Romantic poet
破钞	to spend money
破的	to hit the target	fig. to touch the main point in speaking
破镜重圆	a shattered mirror put back together (idiom)	(of marriage) to pick up the pieces and start anew	for a separated couple to reconcile and reunite
破亡	to die out	conquered
迫于	constrained	restricted	forced to	under pressure to do sth
破身	to lose one's virginity
破读	pronunciation of a character other than the standard	lit. broken reading
破旧立新	to get rid of the old to bring in the new (idiom); to innovate
泼冷水	lit. to pour cold water on	fig. to dampen one's enthusiasm
泼妇	shrew	vixen
破解	to break (a bond, constraint etc)	to explain	to unravel	to decipher	to decode
迫击炮	mortar (weapon)
破家	to destroy one's family
破伤风	tetanus (lockjaw)
破坏性	destructive
泼物	evil creature (curse word)
迫近	to approach	to press in
破釜沉舟	lit. to break the cauldrons and sink the boats (idiom); fig. to cut off one's means of retreat	to burn one's boats
陂陀	sloping and uneven
颇为	rather	quite
朴	Celtis sinensis var. japonica
破布	rag
朴正熙	Park Chung-Hee (1917-1979), South Korean military man and dictator, president 1963-1979, influential in developing Korean industry, murdered by his bodyguard
迫切	urgent	pressing
鄱阳	Poyang county in Shangrao 上饒|上饶, Jiangxi
魄	soul	mortal soul, i.e. attached to the body
破绽百出	lit. one hundred splits (idiom); fig. full of mistakes (of speech or written article)
破甲弹	armor piercing shell
破处	to break the hymen	to lose virginity
坡	slope	CL:個|个[ge4]	sloping	slanted
破裂	to rupture	to fracture	to break down	(linguistics) plosion
迫使	to force	to compel
迫	to force	to compel	to approach or go towards	urgent	pressing
破土	to break ground	to start digging	to plough	to break through the ground (of seedling)	fig. the start of a building project
坡鹿	Eld's deer (Cervus eldii)
破洞	a hole
婆家	husband's family
破产	to go bankrupt	to become impoverished	bankruptcy
破门而入	to break the door and enter	to force a door open (idiom)
泼水	to sprinkle	to spill water
朴	plain and simple	Taiwan pr. [pu2]
泼妇骂街	shouting abuse in the street like a fishwife
坡度	gradient	slope
颇多	(quite) a lot	many
泼水难收	water once spilt cannot be retrieved (idiom); irreversible change
破瓜	(of a girl) to lose one's virginity	to deflower a virgin	to reach the age of 16	(of a man) to reach the age of 64
迫降	to force sb to surrender
破格	to break the rule	to make an exception
破案	to solve a case	shabby old table
破灭	to be shattered	to be annihilated (of hope, illusions etc)
破纪录	to break a record	record-breaking
陂	pool	pond	bank of a pond	mountain slope	Taiwan pr. [pi2]
破口	tear or rupture	to have a tear (e.g. in one's clothes)	without restraint (e.g. of swearing)
朴子市	Puzi or Putzu City in Chiayi County 嘉義縣|嘉义县[Jia1 yi4 xian4], west Taiwan
破戒	to violate a religious precept	to smoke or drink after giving up
破	broken	damaged	worn out	lousy	rotten	to break, split or cleave	to get rid of	to destroy	to break with	to defeat	to capture (a city etc)	to expose the truth of
朴次茅斯	Portsmouth, southern English seaport
破损	to become damaged
破冰	to break the ice	groundbreaking (in relations)
泼烟花	low-class prostitute
陂塘	pool	pond
颇	surname Po
婆姨	(dialect) wife	married woman
婆娘	woman (derog.)
泼贱	base	worthless
破坏	destruction	damage	to wreck	to break	to destroy
破体字	non-standard or corrupted form of a Chinese character
婆婆	husband's mother	mother-in-law	grandma
破壁	broken wall	to break through a wall	fig. a breakthrough in sb's career
婆罗洲	Borneo island (of Indonesia, Malaysia and Brunei)
婆	grandmother	matron	mother-in-law
破败不堪	crushed	utterly defeated
破相	(of facial features) to be marred by a scar etc	to disfigure	to make a fool of oneself
皤	white
破鞋	broken shoes	worn-out footwear	loose woman	slut
破音字	character with two or more readings	character where different readings convey different meanings (Tw)
破财免灾	a financial loss may prevent disaster (idiom)
破关	to solve or overcome (a difficult problem)	to beat (a video game)
婆媳	mother-in-law and daughter-in-law
破四旧	Destroy the Four Olds (campaign of the Cultural Revolution)
泼掉	spill
破例	to make an exception
迫视	to stare at	to watch intently
破折号	dash	Chinese dash ── (punct., double the length of the western dash)
破胆	lit. to bust guts	to terrify	to frighten seriously
破颜	break into a smile	to open (of flowers)
迫不及待	impatient (idiom); in a hurry	itching to get on with it
迫临	to approach	to press in
破竹之势	lit. a force to smash bamboo (idiom); fig. irresistible force
迫不得已	to have no alternative (idiom); compelled by circumstances	forced into sth
破胆寒心	lit. to bust guts and freeze the heart (idiom); terrifying	to scare sb badly
迫害	to persecute	persecution
泼出去的水	spilt water	(fig.) sth that can not be retrieved	spilt milk
破坏无遗	damaged beyond repair
坡头区	Potou district of Zhanjiang city 湛江市[Zhan4 jiang1 shi4], Guangdong
破涕为笑	to turn tears into laughter (idiom); to turn grief into happiness
破竹建瓴	lit. smash bamboo, overturn water tank (idiom); fig. irresistible force
破题	writing style in which the main subject is approached directly from the outset	opposite of 冒題|冒题[mao4 ti2]
蒪	myoga ginger (Zingiber mioga)
破蛹	to emerge from a pupa (of a butterfly etc)
破译	to break a code	to crack a riddle	to solve an enigma	a breakthrough
破除	to eliminate	to do away with	to get rid of
钋	polonium (chemistry)	Taiwan pr. [po4]
破瓦寒窑	lit. broken tiles, cold hearth; fig. a broken-down house	poor and shabby dwelling
破烂	worn-out	rotten	dilapidated	tattered	ragged	rubbish	junk
泼	to splash	to spill	rough and coarse	brutish
破约	to break a promise
破碗破摔	lit. to smash a cracked pot; fig. to treat oneself as hopeless and act crazily
破敝	shabby	damaged
破镜	broken mirror	fig. broken marriage	divorce
朴实	plain	simple	guileless	down-to-earth	sincere and honest
坡道	road on a slope	inclined path	ramp
破开	to split	to cut open
朴硝	(impure) mirabilite, Na2SO4x10H2O (used in TCM)
坡垒	Hainan hopea (Hopea hainanensis) (botany)
破土典礼	ground breaking ceremony
破败	to defeat	to crush (in battle)	beaten	ruined	destroyed	in decline
婆婆妈妈	kindhearted	motherly	effeminate	old-womanish	fainthearted	overly careful	overly sensitive	maudlin
迫胁	to coerce	fig. narrow
破局	to collapse (of plan, talks etc)
破缺	breaking
颇具	rather	quite	to have much
破绽	hole or tear in cloth	mistake or gap in a speech or theory
鄱阳县	Poyang county in Shangrao 上饒|上饶, Jiangxi
魄力	courage	daring	boldness	resolution	drive
破除迷信	to eliminate superstition (idiom)
迫在眉睫	pressing in on one's eyelashes (idiom); imminent
婆娑	dancing	whirling	hovering
珀斯	Perth, capital of Western Australia	also written 帕斯
破费	to spend a lot of money
朴智星	Park Ji-sung (1981-), South Korean former footballer, played for Manchester United (2005-2012)
破冰船	ice breaker
迫促	to urge	urgent	pressing
破旧	shabby
颇	rather	quite	considerably (Taiwan pr. [po3])	oblique	inclined	slanting
破获	to uncover (a criminal plot)	to break open and capture
坡路	sloping road	hill road
朴素	plain and simple	unadorned	simple living	not frivolous
朴槿惠	Park Geun-hye (1952-), Korean politician, daughter of former dictator Park Chung-Hee 朴正熙[Piao2 Zheng4 xi1], President of Korea from 2013
迫令	to order	to force
破浪	to set sail	to brave the waves
粕	grains in distilled liquor
钷	promethium (chemistry)
迫降	to force a plane to land
破罐破摔	lit. to smash a cracked pot (idiom); crazy despair in the face of a blemish, defect, error or setback
泼水节	Songkran (Thai New Year)
迫切性	urgency
破冰型艏	icebreaker bow
朴子	Puzi or Putzu City in Chiayi County 嘉義縣|嘉义县[Jia1 yi4 xian4], west Taiwan
破碎	to smash to pieces	to shatter
破冰舰	ice breaker
婆罗门教	Brahmanism	Hinduism
攴	to tap	to knock lightly	old variant of 撲|扑[pu1]
破门	to burst or force open a door	to excommunicate sb (from the Roman Catholic Church)	to score a goal (in football, hockey etc)
婆子	old woman
破坏活动	sabotage	subversive activities
破屋又遭连夜雨	see 屋漏偏逢連夜雨|屋漏偏逢连夜雨[wu1 lou4 pian1 feng2 lian2 ye4 yu3]
泼辣	shrewish	pungent	forceful	bold and vigorous
陂	rugged	uneven
破天荒	unprecedented	for the first time	never before	first ever
破晓	daybreak	dawn
破口大骂	to abuse roundly
