染上	to catch (a disease)	to get (a bad habit)
染料	dye
然则	that being the case	then	in that case
燃	to burn	to ignite	to light	fig. to spark off (hopes)	to start (debate)	to raise (hopes)
燃料	fuel
冉冉上升	to ascend slowly
燃烧瓶	Molotov cocktail
燃料油	fuel oil
冉	edge of a tortoiseshell	see 冉冉[ran3 ran3]
燃放鞭炮	to set off fire crackers
燃香	to burn incense
蛅	a caterpillar
染布	to dye cloth
染指于鼎	lit. dip one's finger in the tripod (idiom); fig. to get one's finger in the pie	to get a share of the action
然顷	in a short time	soon	before long
冉冉	gradually	slowly	softly drooping (branches, hair)
染色质	chromosome	genetic material of chromosome
然后	after	then (afterwards)	after that	afterwards
燃点	ignition point (temperature)	combustion point
燃眉	to burn one's eyebrows	fig. desperately serious situation
髯口	artificial beard worn by Chinese opera actors
珃	(jade)
然而	however	yet	but
燃爆	to cause to explode	to fire	to set off
燃气电厂	gas fired power station
燃素说	phlogiston theory
染	to dye	to catch (a disease)	to acquire (bad habits etc)	to contaminate	to add color washes to a painting
染色	dye
燃眉之急	lit. the fire burns one's eyebrows (idiom); fig. desperate situation	extreme emergency
髯	beard	whiskers
染色体倍性	ploidy (number of homologous chromosomes)
燃油	fuel oil
肰	dog meat	old variant of 然[ran2]
燃煤	coal fuel
染风习俗	bad habits	to get into bad habits through long custom
染指	to dip a finger (idiom); fig. to get one's finger in the pie	to get a share of the action	abbr. for 染指於鼎|染指于鼎
染厂	dye factory	dye-works
染病	to catch an illness	to get infected with a disease
染织	dyeing and weaving
燃料电池	fuel cell
燃煤锅炉	coal burning boiler
然	correct	right	so	thus	like this	-ly
燃放	to light	to set off (firecrackers etc)
燃油舱	oil tank (of ship)
苒	luxuriant growth	passing (of time)
染色体	chromosome
燃起	to ignite	to light	fig. to spark off (hopes, controversy, flames of revolution)
蚺	boa
燃气	natural gas
蚺蛇	boa
染发	to dye one's hair	rinse	tint
燃耗	fuel consumption
燃料组合	fuel fabrication
染毒	contamination
燃料元件细棒	fuel pins
髯须	beard	whiskers
燃烧	to ignite	to combust	to burn	combustion	flaming
染指垂涎	lit. dirty finger, mouth watering (idiom); fig. greedy to seize sth
燃料循环	fuel cycle
燃灯佛	Dipamkara Buddha, the former Buddha before Shakyamuni Buddha and the bringer of lights
染发剂	hair dye	rinse	tint
染色体三倍体症	trisomy
燃气轮机	gas turbine
燃烧弹	fire bomb	incendiary device
燃烧剂	incendiary agent
燃料芯块	fuel pellets
