饶平县	Raoping county in Chaozhou 潮州[Chao2 zhou1], Guangdong
饶河县	Raohe county in Shuangyashan 雙鴨山|双鸭山[Shuang1 ya1 shan1], Heilongjiang
绕圈子	to go around in circles	to make a detour	(fig.) to beat about the bush
绕行	detour	long way around
绕流	turbulence (in fluid mechanics)
饶阳县	Raoyang county in Hengshui 衡水[Heng2 shui3], Hebei
绕过	to detour	to bypass	to circumvent	to avoid	to wind around (of a road etc)
绕弯儿	to go for a walk around	fig. to speak in a roundabout way
饶有风趣	bubbling with humor (idiom); witty and interesting
饶河	Raohe county in Shuangyashan 雙鴨山|双鸭山[Shuang1 ya1 shan1], Heilongjiang
绕路	to make a detour	to take the long route
绕脖子	tricky	involved	to beat about the bush
绕组	coil (in electric motor or transformer)
荛	fuel	grass
绕腾	to run a long way around	fig. to speak vaguely around the topic without getting to the point	to beat about the bush
绕弯子儿	lit. to go on a long detour	fig. to speak vaguely around the topic without getting to the point	to beat about the bush
饶有兴趣	engrossing
绕弯	to go for a walk around	fig. to speak in a roundabout way
饶平	Raoping county in Chaozhou 潮州[Chao2 zhou1], Guangdong
绕嘴	hard to get one's mouth around	a tongue-twister
绕射	interference (of wave motion in physics)
饶阳	Raoyang county in Hengshui 衡水[Heng2 shui3], Hebei
饶命	to spare sb's life
绕来绕去	meandering and circuitous (idiom); to go around in circles and never get anywhere
绕弯子	lit. to go on a long detour	fig. to speak vaguely around the topic without getting to the point	to beat about the bush
饶过	to pardon	to excuse	to forgive
扰流板	spoiler (automotive)
绕道	roundabout route	detour
饶了	to spare	to forgive
绕梁三日	reverberates around the rafters for three days (idiom); fig. sonorous and resounding (esp. of singing voice)
扰	to disturb
绕	to wind	to coil (thread)	to rotate around	to spiral	to move around	to go round (an obstacle)	to by-pass	to make a detour	to confuse	to perplex
绕地	to orbit the earth
饶	surname Rao
饶舌音乐	rap music
扰攘	bustling	to create trouble	to disturb
绕绕	twisting and turning	involved and tricky
饶舌	talkative	to blather	to shoot one's mouth off	rap (genre of music)
饶恕	to forgive	to pardon	to spare
饶	rich	abundant	exuberant	to add for free	to throw in as bonus	to spare	to forgive	despite	although
桡	radius (anatomy)	bone of the forearm
绕一圈	to go around one time	to do a circuit
绕膝	(children) run around parent's knees	fig. to stay to look after one's elderly parents
绕口令	tongue-twister
绕远儿	the road twists here and there	to make a detour	to take a long way around
扰乱	to disturb	to perturb	to harass
饶有	full of (interest, humor, sentiment etc)
桡骨	radius (anatomy)	bone of the forearm
绕膝承欢	to live with one's parents, thus bringing them happiness (idiom)
扰动	to disturb	to stir up	disturbance	agitation	turmoil
绕手	thorny issue	tricky case
饶舌调唇	blabbing and showing off (idiom); loud-mouthed trouble maker
