弱智	weak-minded	mentally deficient	retarded
弱作用	weak interaction
弱电统一	electro-weak interaction in fermion particle physics
若无其事	as if nothing had happened (idiom); calmly	nonchalantly
弱脉	weak pulse
若翰	John (less common form of 若望[Ruo4 wang4] or 約翰|约翰[Yue1 han4])
若且唯若	if and only if
弱受	submissive	yielding	weak	opposite: 強攻|强攻, dominant
弱视	amblyopia
弱爆	(slang) weak	pathetic	subpar	sucks
弱势	vulnerable	weak
蒻	young rush (Typha japonica), a kind of cattail	konnyaku (in Japanese cooking), solidified jelly made from the rhizome of devil's tongue
若望福音	Gospel according to St John
爇	burn	heat
若开山脉	Arakan Yoma, mountain range in western Myanmar (Burma)
若隐若现	faintly discernible (idiom)
弱	weak	feeble	young	inferior	(following a decimal or fraction) slightly less than
弱不禁风	too weak to stand up to the wind (idiom); extremely delicate	fragile state of health
若望	John	Saint John	less common variant of 約翰|约翰[Yue1 han4] preferred by the Catholic church
若有所失	as if one had lost something (idiom)	to look or feel unsettled or distracted	to feel empty
若要人不知，除非己莫为	If you don't want anyone to know, don't do it (idiom). fig. If you do something bad, people will inevitably hear about it.
鄀	place name
弱相互作用	weak interaction (in particle physics)	weak force
弱小	small and weak	puny	a child
若即若离	lit. seeming neither close nor distant (idiom)	fig. to keep one's distance	(of a relationship) lukewarm	vague
箬	(bamboo)	skin of bamboo
篛	cuticle of bamboo plant
爇	heat	to burn
弱肉强食	lit. the weak are prey to the strong (idiom); fig. predatory behavior	the law of the jungle
若有所亡	see 若有所失[ruo4 you3 suo3 shi1]
若是	if
偌大	so big	such a big
若羌	Chaqiliq nahiyisi or Ruoqiang county in Bayin'guoleng Mongol autonomous prefecture, Xinjiang 巴音郭愣蒙古自治州[Ba1 yin1 guo1 leng4 Meng3 gu3 zi4 zhi4 zhou1], Xinjiang
弱作用力	the weak force (in particle physics)
鶸	siskin
若尔盖	Zoigê county (Tibetan: mdzod dge rdzong) in Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang autonomous prefecture 阿壩藏族羌族自治州|阿坝藏族羌族自治州[A1 ba4 Zang4 zu2 Qiang1 zu2 zi4 zhi4 zhou1], northwest Sichuan
若有若无	indistinct	faintly discernable
若尔盖县	Zoigê county (Tibetan: mdzod dge rdzong) in Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang autonomous prefecture 阿壩藏族羌族自治州|阿坝藏族羌族自治州[A1 ba4 Zang4 zu2 Qiang1 zu2 zi4 zhi4 zhou1], northwest Sichuan
若	to seem	like	as	if
弱侧	weak side	off side (sports)
弱点	weak point	failing
若羌县	Chaqiliq nahiyisi or Ruoqiang county in Bayin'guoleng Mongol autonomous prefecture, Xinjiang 巴音郭愣蒙古自治州[Ba1 yin1 guo1 leng4 Meng3 gu3 zi4 zhi4 zhou1], Xinjiang
弱音踏板	soft pedal (on piano)	una corda pedal
若非	were it not for	if not for
弱化	weaken	make weaker
若干	a certain number or amount	how many?	how much?
弱酸	weak acid
弱势群体	disadvantaged social groups (e.g. the handicapped)	the economically and politically marginalized	the dispossessed
若有所丧	see 若有所失[ruo4 you3 suo3 shi1]
若然	if	if so
弱碱	weak base (alkali)
