算术平均数	arithmetic mean
酸痛	to ache
酸溜溜	sour	acid
酸	sour	tart	sick at heart	grieved	sore	aching	pedantic	impractical	an acid
酸盐	sulfonate
酸菜	pickled vegetables, especially Chinese cabbage
算话	(of sb's words) to count	can be trusted
算盘	abacus	CL:把[ba3]	plan	scheme
酸辛	misery
酸辣土豆丝	hot and sour shredded potato
算不了	does not count for anything	of no account
酸雨	acid rain
酸乳	yogurt
算子	operator (math.)
算老几	(coll.) (I, you etc) have what status	who am I (you etc)
酸根	negative ion	acid radical
算命	fortune-telling	to tell fortune
蒜薹	garlic shoots (cookery)
算哪根葱	who do (you) think (you) are?	who does (he, she etc) think (he, she) is?
算命先生	fortune-teller
蒜	garlic	CL:頭|头[tou2],瓣[ban4]
酸辣酱	hot and sour sauce	chutney
蒜茸	crushed garlic	also written 蒜蓉
蒜味	garlic odor
算	to regard as	to figure	to calculate	to compute
酸辣汤	hot and sour soup	sour and spicy soup
狻	(mythical animal)
算不得	not count as
算数	to count numbers	to keep to one's word	to hold (i.e. to remain valid)	to count (i.e. to be important)
酸莓	cranberry
筭	to regard as	to figure
算力	hash rate (digital currency mining)
酸软	limp and painful
算术	arithmetic	sums (mathematics as primary school subject)
算术平均	arithmetic mean (math.)
算卦	fortune telling
酸奶节	Lhasa Shoton festival or yogurt banquet, from first of July of Tibetan calendar
酸性	acidity
算帐	to reckon (accounting)	to balance an account	fig. to settle an account	to get one's revenge
酸橙	lime (fruit)
酸甜苦辣	sour, sweet, bitter and spicy hot	fig. the joys and sorrows of life
算术式	formula in mathematics	arithmetic formula
酸楚	disconsolate	forlorn	grievance
酸败	(milk) to turn sour	(meat, fish) to go off
算计	to reckon	to calculate	to plan	to expect	to scheme
蒜茸钳	garlic press
酸不溜丢	sour	acrid	(of a person) embittered
算了	let it be	let it pass	forget about it
酸不溜秋	see 酸不溜丟|酸不溜丢[suan1 bu5 liu1 diu1]
酸浆	Chinese lantern plant	winter cherry	strawberry ground-cherry	Physalis alkekengi
算你狠	you got me!	you win!	you are something!
酸奶	yogurt
酸梅	pickled plum	Japanese umeboshi
算法	arithmetic	algorithm	method of calculation
蒜苗	garlic shoot	garlic sprouts
蒜苗炒肉片	stir-fried pork with garlic
算命家	fortune-teller
算是	considered to be	at last
蒜蓉	minced garlic	garlic paste
酸枣	sour date (Ziziphus jujuba var. spinosa)
酸葡萄	sour grapes
算出	to figure out
酸涩	sour	acrid	(fig.) bitter	painful
算术级数	arithmetic series (such as 2+4+6+8+...)
酸式盐	acid salt
算命者	fortune-teller
酸乳酪	yogurt
酸模	sorrel (Rumex acetosa)
酸曲	love song
酸豆	tamarind (Tamarindus indica) tropical tree with bean-like fruit	pickled caper
酸碱值	pH (chemistry)
酸甜	sour and sweet
蒜苔	see 蒜薹[suan4 tai2]
酸疼	(of muscles) to ache	sore
