我靠	bosh!	crap!	see also 哇靠[wa1 kao4]
沃衍	rich and fertile (soil)
蜗蜒	snail
我行我素	to continue in one's own way (idiom); to ignore advice	to persist whatever others say
斡	to turn
蜗杆副	worm-gear pair	worm drive	worm and worm gear
沃罗涅日	Voronezh, city in the southwest of European Russia
窝囊	annoyed	to feel vexed	pointless	asinine	good-for-nothing	stupid and cowardly
涡核	eye of a vortex
窝窝头	a kind of a bread
卧龙	nickname of Zhuge Liang 諸葛亮|诸葛亮	Wolong giant panda nature reserve 臥龍大熊貓保護區|卧龙大熊猫保护区 in Wenchuan county, northwest Sichuan	Wolong district of Nanyang city 南陽|南阳[Nan2 yang2], Henan
窝里斗	internal strife (family, group, etc)
我方	our side	we
沃尔夫斯堡	Wolfsburg
沃尔特·惠特曼	Walt Whitman (1819-1892), American poet, essayist and journalist
窝	nest	pit or hollow on the human body	lair	den	place	to harbor or shelter	to hold in check	to bend	classifier for litters and broods
卧舱	sleeping cabin on a boat or train
握别	to shake hands
窝脖儿	to suffer a snub	to meet with a rebuff
涡轮轴发动机	turboshaft
沃特森	Watson (name)
沃顿	Wharton (name)
涡	eddy	whirlpool
我国	our country	China
握有	to grasp and own	to hold (power)
窝里反	see 窩裡鬥|窝里斗[wo1 li5 dou4]
喔	(particle) marker of surprise, sudden realization, reminder
卧虎藏龙	lit. hidden dragon, crouching tiger (idiom)	fig. talented individuals in hiding	concealed talent
卧龙区	Wolong district of Nanyang city 南陽|南阳[Nan2 yang2], Henan
沃尔沃	Volvo (Swedish car company)
我们	we	us	ourselves	our
涡旋	eddy	vortex
涡阳县	Guoyang county in Bozhou 亳州[Bo2 zhou1], Anhui
莴笋	Chinese lettuce	celtuce	asparagus lettuce	celery lettuce	stem lettuce
蜗牛	snail	Taiwan pr. [gua1 niu2]
窝主	person who harbors criminals	receiver (of stolen goods)
卧龙岗	Wollongong, Australia
倭瓜	(dialect) pumpkin
卧虎藏龙	Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, movie by Ang Lee 李安[Li3 An1]
我勒个去	(slang) shoot!	crap!
窝咑	otak, a Malay food (GM)
握拳	to make a fist
倭寇	Japanese pirates (in 16th and 17th century)
沃野	fertile land
倭人	dwarf	Japanese (derog.) (old)
沃灌	to irrigate	to wash with water
窝子	lair	den	stronghold
卧佛	reclining Buddha
卧龙自然保护区	Wolong nature reserve in Wenchuan county, northwest Sichuan, home of the giant panda 大熊貓|大熊猫
窝心	to feel irritated without being able to express it	to bear a silent grudge	to feel warm inside (Southern Mandarin)
窝阔台	Ögedei Khan (1186-1242), a son of Genghis Khan
倭马亚王朝	Umayyad Empire (661-750, in Iberia -1031), successor of the Rashidun caliphate
沃克斯豪尔	Vauxhall (English car brand and city)
窝囊气	pent-up frustration	petty annoyances
龌龊	dirty	filthy	vile	despicable	narrow-minded	petty
沃达丰	Vodafone (telephone company)
卧室	bedroom	CL:間|间[jian1]
蜗	snail	Taiwan pr. [gua1]	see 蝸牛|蜗牛[wo1 niu2]
涡扇	turbofan
卧薪尝胆	lit. to lie on firewood and taste gall (idiom); fig. suffering patiently, but firmly resolved on revenge
我醉欲眠	lit. I'm drunk and would like to sleep (idiom)	(used to indicate one's sincere and straightforward nature)
我等	we	us (archaic)
倭黑猩猩	bonobo	pygmy chimpanzee
窝巢	nest
沃州	Vaud province of Switzerland
卧床	to lie in bed	bedridden	bed
硪	see 石硪[shi2 wo4]
蜗行牛步	lit. to crawl like a snail and plod along like an old ox (idiom)	fig. to move at a snail's pace	to make slow progress
沃土	fertile land
倭军	Japanese army (derog.) (old)
渥	to enrich	to moisten
卧式	lying	horizontal
窝阔台汗	Ögedei Khan (1186-1242), a son of Genghis Khan
卧车	a sleeping car	wagon-lits
莴	lettuce, see 萵苣|莴苣
窝藏	to harbor	to shelter
肟	oxime	oximide	-oxil (chemistry)
蜗杆	worm (mechanical engineering)
偓	constrained
我辈	(literary) we	us
卧倒	to lie down	to drop to the ground
蜗行	snail's pace
喔	I see	oh
龌浊	filthy	nasty	sordid	impure (motives)
握力	(strength of one's) grip
卧	to lie	to crouch
涡桨	turboprop
涡喷	turbojet
窝夫	waffle (loanword)
蜗旋	spiral
涡轮	turbine
渥太华	Ottawa, capital of Canada
握	to hold	to grasp	to clench (one's fist)	to master	classifier: a handful
卧房	bedroom	a sleeping compartment (on a train)
卧果儿	a poached egg
卧推	bench press
我人	we
卧病	ill in bed	bed-ridden
蜗窗	fenestra cochleae (in middle ear)
蜗居	snail's home	fig. humble abode
涡阳	Guoyang county in Bozhou 亳州[Bo2 zhou1], Anhui
涡	name of a river
握手	to shake hands
挝	beat
沃	fertile	rich	to irrigate	to wash (of river)
卧虎	crouching tiger	fig. major figure in hiding	concealed talent
卧内	bedroom
踒	to slip and sprain a limb
沃饶	to fertilize
婐	maid
卧榻	a couch	a narrow bed
斡旋	to mediate (a conflict etc)
卧位	berth
我	I	me	my
莴苣	lettuce (Lactuca sativa)
龌	dirty	small-minded
沃伦·巴菲特	Warren Buffett (1930-), the Sage of Omaha, US investor and philanthropist, principal owner of holding company Berkshire Hathaway
沃尔夫奖	the Wolf prize (for science and arts)
沃尔夫	Wolf, Woolf (name)
卧龙大熊猫保护区	Wolong giant panda nature reserve in Wenchuan county, northwest Sichuan
沃尔玛	Wal-Mart, Walmart (retailer)
卧不安	restless insomnia
卧轨	to lie across the railway tracks (to commit suicide or to prevent trains from getting through)
沃伦	Warren (name)
蜗庐	snail's hut	fig. humble abode	my little hut
涡轮喷气发动机	turbojet
卧底	to hide (as an undercover agent)	an insider (in a gang of thieves)	a mole
窝脓包	useless weakling
窝里横	(coll.) meek and civil in public, but a tyrant at home
卧铺	a bed (on a train)	a couchette
沃水	Wo river in Shanxi
涡虫纲	Turbellaria (an order of flatworms)
沃壤	fertile soil
幄	tent
卧具	bedding
卧龙	lit. hidden dragon	fig. emperor in hiding
握住	to grip	to hold
窝囊废	(coll.) spineless coward	wimp	a good-for-nothing
沃尔芬森	Wolfson, Wulfsohn etc (name)
