躜	to jump
钻探机	drilling machine
钻劲	application to the task
钻眼	to drill a hole	drilling
钻心	to sneak in	to infiltrate	to be piercingly painful	to be unbearable (of pain, itch etc)
钻研	to study meticulously	to delve into
钻井平台	(oil) drilling platform
钻孔	to bore a hole	to drill	drilled hole
钻	to drill	to bore	to get into	to make one's way into	to enter (a hole)	to thread one's way through	to study intensively	to dig into	to curry favor for personal gain
钻木取火	to drill wood to make fire
纂修	to compile	to edit	compilation
钻坚仰高	lit. looking up to it, it gets higher; boring into it, it gets harder (idiom) (from Analects)	fig. to delve deeply into one's studies	meticulous and diligent study
钻戒	diamond ring	CL:隻|只[zhi1]
钻石王老五	highly eligible bachelor	desirable male partner
缵	to carry on	to succeed (of a familial line)	to inherit
钻营	toadying for personal gain	to curry favor	to study in great depth
钻探	drilling
钻粉	residue from drilling	slag hill
籫	bamboo utensil
钻空子	lit. to drill a hole	to take advantage of a loophole	to exploit an advantage	to seize the opportunity (esp. to do sth bad)
钻	an auger	diamond
钻谋	to use influence to get what one wants	to find a way through (esp. corrupt)	to succeed by means fair or foul
纂	to compile	bun (of hair)	red silk ribbon	variant of 纘|缵[zuan3]
钻压	pressure on a drill bit
钻版	to cut a woodblock (e.g. for printing)
钻牛角尖	lit. to penetrate into a bull's horn (idiom); fig. to waste time on an insoluble or insignificant problem	to bash one's head against a brick wall	a wild goose chase	a blind alley	to split hairs
钻井	to drill (e.g. for oil)	a borehole
钻牛角	lit. honing a bull's horn; fig. to waste time on an insoluble or insignificant problem	to bash one's head against a brick wall	a wild goose chase	a blind alley	to split hairs	same as idiom 鑽牛角尖|钻牛角尖
钻进	to get into	to dig into (studies, job etc)	to squeeze into
钻圈	jumping through hoops (as acrobatic show)
钻头	drill bit
钻洞	to bore
钻石	diamond	CL:顆|颗[ke1]
钻故纸堆	to dig into piles of outdated writings (idiom); to study old books and papers
钻卡	drill chuck
钻心虫	boring insect	snout moth's larva (Aphomia gullaris or Plodia interpuncuella or Heliothus armigera etc), major agricultural pest
